"document"
"A Farm Labor Contractors is someone who Recruit and hire seasonal or temporary agricultural laborers. May transport, house, and provide meals for workers. . The Farm Labor Contractors  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Business and Financial Operations Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Pay wages of contracted farm laborers., Provide food, drinking water, and field sanitation facilities to contracted workers., Recruit and hire agricultural workers., Employ foremen to deal directly with workers when recruiting, hiring, instructing, assigning tasks, and enforcing work rules., Supervise the work of contracted employees., Furnish tools for employee use., Direct and transport workers to appropriate work sites., Provide check-cashing services to employees..  They also know about using the following technology: Accounting software, Data base user interface and query software, Web page creation and editing software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Cloud-based data access and sharing software, Word processing software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Internet browser software. Examples include Bookkeeping software, E-Verify, Facebook, Financial accounting software, Intuit QuickBooks, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Word, SAP software, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Scanners, Desktop computers, Pocket calculator, Automobiles or cars, Personal computers, Light trucks or sport utility vehicles, Mobile phones, Tablet computers. For example, Computer data input scanners, Desktop computers, Handheld calculators, Passenger cars, Personal computers, Pickup trucks, Smart phones, Tablet computers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Recognition, Relationships, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Personnel and Human Resources, Production and Processing, Food Production, Mathematics, Foreign Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Time Management, Management of Personnel Resources. Their average day consists of the following activities Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing Administrative Activities. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Farm Labor Contractors occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Library Technicians, Cooks, Private Household, First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers, Food Science Technicians, Surveying and Mapping Technicians. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
