"document"
"A Insurance Appraisers, Auto Damage is someone who Appraise automobile or other vehicle damage to determine repair costs for insurance claim settlement. Prepare insurance forms to indicate repair cost or cost estimates and recommendations. May seek agreement with automotive repair shop on repair costs. . The Insurance Appraisers, Auto Damage  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Business and Financial Operations Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Evaluate practicality of repair as opposed to payment of market value of vehicle before accident., Review repair cost estimates with automobile repair shop to secure agreement on cost of repairs., Examine damaged vehicle to determine extent of structural, body, mechanical, electrical, or interior damage., Prepare insurance forms to indicate repair cost estimates and recommendations., Estimate parts and labor to repair damage, using standard automotive labor and parts cost manuals and knowledge of automotive repair., Determine salvage value on total-loss vehicle., Arrange to have damage appraised by another appraiser to resolve disagreement with shop on repair cost..  They also know about using the following technology: Graphics or photo imaging software, Document management software, Project management software, Compiler and decompiler software, Electronic mail software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Operating system software, Word processing software, Accounting software, Internet browser software. Examples include A-T Solutions Easy Street Draw, Adobe Acrobat, App Software Associations AppTrak.net, Cost estimating software, Disassembler software, Email software, Information Services Inc. CCC Pathways Appraisal Solution, Meridian Technologies SurePoint, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Mitchell International Mitchell WorkCenter, NCH Software Express Invoice, Solera Audatex Estimating, Swan River Software Estimiser Pro, Vertafore ImageRight, Web browser software, Web-Est estimating software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Digital cameras, Laser printers, Desktop computers, Theodolites, Pocket calculator, Notebook computers, Laser fax machine, Measuring wheels for distance, Tape measures, Tablet computers, Height gauges. For example, Compact digital cameras, Computer laser printers, Desktop computers, Electronic digital theodolites, Hand calculators, Laptop computers, Laser facsimile machines"", Measure markers, Measuring tapes, Tablet computers, Tire tread depth gauges. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Selective Attention, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Mechanical, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Social Perceptiveness, Service Orientation, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Training and Teaching Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Performing Administrative Activities, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Insurance Appraisers, Auto Damage occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate, Claims Adjusters, Examiners, and Investigators, Transportation Inspectors, Insurance Sales Agents, Loan Officers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 7.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 7.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
