"document"
"A Credit Counselors is someone who Advise and educate individuals or organizations on acquiring and managing debt. May provide guidance in determining the best type of loan and explain loan requirements or restrictions. May help develop debt management plans or student financial aid packages. May advise on credit issues, or provide budget, mortgage, bankruptcy, or student financial aid counseling. . The Credit Counselors  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Business and Financial Operations Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 4, described as occupations that need considerable preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Calculate clients' available monthly income to meet debt obligations., Explain services or policies to clients, such as debt management program rules, advantages and disadvantages of using services, or creditor concession policies., Create debt management plans, spending plans, or budgets to assist clients to meet financial goals., Prioritize client debt repayment to avoid dire consequences, such as bankruptcy or foreclosure or to reduce overall costs, such as by paying high-interest or short-term loans first., Assess clients' overall financial situations by reviewing income, assets, debts, expenses, credit reports, or other financial information., Recommend strategies for clients to meet their financial goals, such as borrowing money through loans or loan programs, declaring bankruptcy, making budget adjustments, or enrolling in debt management plans., Explain general financial topics to clients, such as credit report ratings, bankruptcy laws, consumer protection laws, wage attachments, or collection actions., Interview clients by telephone or in person to gather financial information., Estimate time for debt repayment, given amount of debt, interest rates, and available funds., Prepare written documents to establish contracts with or communicate financial recommendations to clients., Maintain or update records of client account activity, including financial transactions, counseling session notes, correspondence, document images, or client inquiries., Negotiate with creditors on behalf of clients to arrange for payment adjustments, interest rate reductions, time extensions, or payment plans., Advise clients on housing matters, such as housing rental, homeownership, mortgage delinquency, or foreclosure prevention., Create action plans to assist clients in obtaining permanent housing via rent or mortgage programs., Advise clients or respond to inquiries about financial matters in person or via phone, email, Web site, or Internet chat., Review changes to financial, family, or employment situations to determine whether changes to existing debt management plans, spending plans, or budgets are needed., Recommend educational materials or resources to clients on matters, such as financial planning, budgeting, or credit., Refer clients to social service or community resources for needs beyond those of credit or debt counseling., Explain loan information to clients, such as available loan types, eligibility requirements, or loan restrictions., Teach courses or seminars on topics, such as budgeting, management of personal finances, or financial literacy., Conduct research to help clients avoid repossessions or foreclosures or remove levies or wage garnishments., Disburse funds from client accounts to creditors., Investigate missing checks, payment histories, held funds, returned checks, or other related issues to resolve client or creditor problems..  They also know about using the following technology: Network conferencing software, Financial analysis software, Data base user interface and query software, Electronic mail software, Information retrieval or search software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Internet browser software. Examples include Chat software, Cooperative Processing Resources DMS Professional Suite, CoreLogic DebtorTrace, Email software, Freddie Mac Loan Prospector, ICCO CreditSoft, Integrant DebtLogic, LexisNexis, LexisNexis Accurint, Merlin Information Services databases, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Oracle PeopleSoft, Paragon Financial Services Paragon Financial System, Prime Debt Soft Debt Settlement, Prime Debt Software Credit Repair, SAP software, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Scientific calculator, Inkjet printers, Notebook computers, Laser fax machine, Laser printers, Special purpose telephones, Personal computers. For example, Financial calculators, Inkjet printers, Laptop computers, Laser facsimile machines, Laser printers, Multi-line telephone systems, Personal computers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Mathematical Reasoning, Number Facility, Selective Attention, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Economics and Accounting, Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Mathematics, Psychology, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Mathematics, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Learning Strategies, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Negotiation, Service Orientation, Complex Problem Solving, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Performing Administrative Activities. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Credit Counselors occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers, Librarians and Media Collections Specialists, Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary, School Psychologists, Genetic Counselors. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 19.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 19.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. "
