"document"
"A Forest and Conservation Technicians is someone who Provide technical assistance regarding the conservation of soil, water, forests, or related natural resources. May compile data pertaining to size, content, condition, and other characteristics of forest tracts under the direction of foresters, or train and lead forest workers in forest propagation and fire prevention and suppression. May assist conservation scientists in managing, improving, and protecting rangelands and wildlife habitats. . The Forest and Conservation Technicians  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Life, Physical, and Social Science Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Utilities, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Thin and space trees and control weeds and undergrowth, using manual tools and chemicals, or supervise workers performing these tasks., Train and lead forest and conservation workers in seasonal activities, such as planting tree seedlings, putting out forest fires, and maintaining recreational facilities., Provide information about, and enforce, regulations, such as those concerning environmental protection, resource utilization, fire safety, and accident prevention., Patrol park or forest areas to protect resources and prevent damage., Map forest tract data using digital mapping systems., Keep records of the amount and condition of logs taken to mills., Manage forest protection activities, including fire control, fire crew training, and coordination of fire detection and public education programs., Monitor activities of logging companies and contractors., Perform reforestation or forest renewal, including nursery and silviculture operations, site preparation, seeding and tree planting programs, cone collection, and tree improvement., Plan and supervise construction of access routes and forest roads., Select and mark trees for thinning or logging, drawing detailed plans that include access roads., Supervise forest nursery operations, timber harvesting, land use activities such as livestock grazing, and disease or insect control programs., Develop and maintain computer databases., Inspect trees and collect samples of plants, seeds, foliage, bark, and roots to locate insect and disease damage., Measure distances, clean sightlines, and record data to help survey crews., Issue fire permits, timber permits, and other forest use licenses., Survey, measure, and map access roads and forest areas such as burns, cut-over areas, experimental plots, and timber sales sections., Provide forestry education and general information, advice, and recommendations to woodlot owners, community organizations, and the general public., Provide technical support to forestry research programs in areas such as tree improvement, seed orchard operations, insect and disease surveys, or experimental forestry and forest engineering research., Conduct laboratory or field experiments with plants, animals, insects, diseases, and soils., Install gauges, stream flow recorders, and soil moisture measuring instruments, and collect and record data from them to assist with watershed analysis..  They also know about using the following technology: Map creation software, Data base user interface and query software, Analytical or scientific software, Inventory management software, Computer aided design CAD software, Graphics or photo imaging software, Presentation software, Desktop publishing software, Geographic information system, Web page creation and editing software, Web platform development software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Internet browser software. Examples include Allegro Landmark, Assisi Compiler, Assisi Forest, Assisi Inventory, Atterbury Consultants SuperAce, Autodesk AutoCAD LT, Ben Meadows Yeoman Expedition, Computer aided design CAD software, Computer graphics software, Corel Presentation, Database software, Desktop publishing software, ESRI ArcGIS software, ESRI ArcView, Facebook, Fire behavior modeling software, Forest EcoSurvey, Geographic information system GIS systems, Geomechanical design analysis GDA software, Haglof Sweden AB TCruise Forest Inventory, HARVEST, JRP Consulting Plant Wizard, JRP Consulting Survey Wizard, Leica Geosystems ERDAS IMAGINE, LJI Technologies Lumberjack, LoggerPC software, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Active Server Pages ASP, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, PhoenixPRO Forest Activity Tracking, Photogrammetric software, Remote sensing software, RockWare ArcMap, Spreadsheet software, Traverse PC, USDA Forest Vegetation Simulator FVS, Web browser software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Articulating boom lift, Recreational motorboats, All terrain vehicles tracked or wheeled, Height gauges, Track excavators, Dredgers, Axes, Backhoes, Prisms, Reforestation equipment, Dump trucks, Wheel bulldozers, Calipers, Power saws, Lumbering equipment, Clinometers, Geological prospecting apparatus, Desktop computers, Measuring tapes, Dibblers, Digital cameras, Rainfall recorders, Fishing boats, Agricultural tractors, Fertilizer spreaders or distributors, Portable data input terminals, Earthmoving shovels, Forklifts, Commercial fishing nets, Front end loaders, Geological compasses, Decorticators, Global positioning system GPS receiver, Sprayers, Handheld refractometers or polarimeters, Harrows, Hydraulic truck cranes, Rangefinders, Forestry increment borers, Lasers, Laser measuring systems, Lawnmowers, Scanners, Pisciculture supplies, Magnetometer geophysical instruments, Fire suppression hand tools, Measuring wheels for distance, Metal detectors, Moisture meters, Notebook computers, Personal computers, pH meters, Light trucks or sport utility vehicles, Map measurers, Planters, Forestry saws, Radarbased surveillance systems, Digital camcorders or video cameras, Seed drills, Shovels, Earthmoving buckets or its parts or accessories, Snowplow attachments, Soil core sampling apparatus, Measuring rods, Open stream current meters, Theodolites, Tensiometers, Lighters, Track bulldozers, Motorcycles, Conventional truck cranes, Water pumps, Tug boats, Two way radios, Video editors, Open stream water level recorders, Water meters, Water samplers, Water trucks, Wedges, Fire fighting pump truck, Tow trucks, Winches. For example, Aerial bucket trucks, Airboats, All terrain vehicles ATV, Altimeters, Amphibious excavators, Aquatic weed harvesters, Axes, Backhoes, Basal area factor BAF prisms, Boats, Brush hooks, Brush trucks, Bulldozers, Calipers, Chain saws, Clearing hooks, Clinometers, Crown densitometers, Desktop computers, Diameter tapes, Dibblers, Digital cameras, Dump trucks, Electronic rain gauges ERR, Electroshocking boats, Excavators, Farm tractors, Fertilizer spreaders, Field data recorders, Field personal computers PC, Fire plows, Forestry rain gauges, Forklifts, Frame nets, Front end loaders, Geological compasses, Gill nets, Girdling tools, Global positioning system GPS data collectors, Global positioning system GPS receivers, Grass whips, Gunjets for pressurized sprayers, Handheld refractometers, Harrows, Hydraulic dredges, Hydraulic truck-mounted cranes, Hypsometers, Increment borers, Laser rangefinders, Laser surveying equipment, Laser tree measuring devices, Lawn mowers, Leaf area meter scanning instruments, Loggers' tapes, Macroalgae harvesters, Magnetic locators, Mantax computer tree calipers, McLeod tools, Measuring wheels, Metal detectors, Moisture meters, Notebook computers, Personal computers, pH meters, Pickup trucks, Planimeters, Planters, Plug spades, Pocket transits, Prisms, Pruning saws, Pulaski tools, Relaskops, Remote sensing equipment, Remote video cameras, Rubber-tired bulldozers, Seed drills, Seines, Shovels, Slurry buckets, Snowplows, Soil augers, Soil moisture meters, Soil probes, Sprayers, Stadia rods, Stream flow gauges, Survey levels, Survey transits, Tensiometers, Terrain torches, Theodolites, Total stations, Track bulldozers, Trail motorbikes, Trawls, Tree corers, Tree planter spades, Truck cranes, Truck-mounted water pumps, Trucks, Tugboats, Two way radios, Video editing equipment, Water level recorders, Water monitoring meters, Water monitoring samplers, Water samplers, Water trucks, Watermark soil moisture data collectors, Wedges, Wheeler pentaprism calipers, Wildland fire pumper trucks, Winch trucks, Winches. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Personnel and Human Resources, Computers and Electronics, Mechanical, Mathematics, Biology, Geography, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security, Law and Government to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Learning Strategies, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Instructing, Complex Problem Solving, Judgment and Decision Making, Systems Analysis, Time Management, Management of Personnel Resources. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Performing Administrative Activities, Staffing Organizational Units, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Forest and Conservation Technicians occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Range Managers, Surveyors, Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health, Fish and Game Wardens. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 12.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 12.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Range Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Range Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Range Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Range Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Range Managers. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Surveyors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Surveyors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Surveyors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Surveyors. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Surveyors. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Forest and Conservation Technicians. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Biologists. "
