"document"
"A Social and Human Service Assistants is someone who Assist other social and human service providers in providing client services in a wide variety of fields, such as psychology, rehabilitation, or social work, including support for families. May assist clients in identifying and obtaining available benefits and social and community services. May assist social workers with developing, organizing, and conducting programs to prevent and resolve problems relevant to substance abuse, human relationships, rehabilitation, or dependent care. . The Social and Human Service Assistants  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Community and Social Service Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 4, described as occupations that need considerable preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Assess clients' cognitive abilities and physical and emotional needs to determine appropriate interventions., Develop and implement behavioral management and care plans for clients., Keep records or prepare reports for owner or management concerning visits with clients., Visit individuals in homes or attend group meetings to provide information on agency services, requirements, or procedures., Submit reports and review reports or problems with superior., Interview individuals or family members to compile information on social, educational, criminal, institutional, or drug history., Provide information or refer individuals to public or private agencies or community services for assistance., Advise clients regarding food stamps, child care, food, money management, sanitation, or housekeeping., Oversee day-to-day group activities of residents in institution., Meet with youth groups to acquaint them with consequences of delinquent acts., Assist in locating housing for displaced individuals., Consult with supervisor concerning programs for individual families., Demonstrate use and care of equipment for tenant use., Assist in planning food budgets, using charts or sample budgets., Assist clients with preparation of forms, such as tax or rent forms., Explain rules established by owner or management, such as sanitation or maintenance requirements or parking regulations., Observe clients' food selections and recommend alternate economical and nutritional food choices., Observe and discuss meal preparation and suggest alternate methods of food preparation., Transport and accompany clients to shopping areas or to appointments, using automobile., Inform tenants of facilities, such as laundries or playgrounds..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Medical software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Voice recognition software, Internet browser software. Examples include Database software, Electronic medical record EMR software, MEDITECH software, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Nuance Dragon NaturallySpeaking, PointClickCare healthcare software, Web browser software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Desktop calculator, Special purpose telephones, Laser printers, Desktop computers, Notebook computers, Laser fax machine, Automobiles or cars, Personal computers, Photocopiers. For example, 10-key calculators, Amplified telephones, Computer laser printers, Desktop computers, Hearing impaired telephones, Laptop computers, Laser facsimile machines, Multi-line telephone systems, Passenger vehicles, Personal computers, Photocopying equipment. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Selective Attention, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Psychology, Sociology and Anthropology, Therapy and Counseling, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Negotiation, Instructing, Service Orientation, Complex Problem Solving, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Performing Administrative Activities. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Social and Human Service Assistants occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Healthcare Social Workers, Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers, Mental Health Counselors, Special Education Teachers, Preschool, Athletic Trainers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 22.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 22.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. "
