"document"
"A Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education is someone who Instruct preschool-aged students, following curricula or lesson plans, in activities designed to promote social, physical, and intellectual growth. . The Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Educational Instruction and Library Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Teach basic skills, such as color, shape, number and letter recognition, personal hygiene, and social skills., Establish and enforce rules for behavior and procedures for maintaining order., Adapt teaching methods and instructional materials to meet students' varying needs and interests., Provide a variety of materials and resources for children to explore, manipulate, and use, both in learning activities and in imaginative play., Serve meals and snacks in accordance with nutritional guidelines., Attend to children's basic needs by feeding them, dressing them, and changing their diapers., Meet with parents and guardians to discuss their children's progress and needs, determine their priorities for their children, and suggest ways that they can promote learning and development., Organize and lead activities designed to promote physical, mental, and social development, such as games, arts and crafts, music, storytelling, and field trips., Identify children showing signs of emotional, developmental, or health-related problems and discuss them with supervisors, parents or guardians, and child development specialists., Maintain accurate and complete student records as required by laws, district policies, and administrative regulations., Assimilate arriving children to the school environment by greeting them, helping them remove outerwear, and selecting activities of interest to them., Observe and evaluate children's performance, behavior, social development, and physical health., Prepare materials and classrooms for class activities., Read books to entire classes or to small groups., Establish clear objectives for all lessons, units, and projects and communicate those objectives to children., Arrange indoor and outdoor space to facilitate creative play, motor-skill activities, and safety., Teach proper eating habits and personal hygiene., Demonstrate activities to children., Plan and conduct activities for a balanced program of instruction, demonstration, and work time that provides students with opportunities to observe, question, and investigate., Enforce all administration policies and rules governing students., Prepare and implement remedial programs for students requiring extra help., Confer with other staff members to plan and schedule lessons promoting learning, following approved curricula., Attend professional meetings, educational conferences, and teacher training workshops to maintain and improve professional competence., Organize and label materials and display students' work in a manner appropriate for their ages and perceptual skills., Prepare reports on students and activities as required by administration., Collaborate with other teachers and administrators in the development, evaluation, and revision of preschool programs., Plan and supervise class projects, field trips, visits by guests, or other experiential activities and guide students in learning from those activities., Meet with other professionals to discuss individual students' needs and progress., Select, store, order, issue, and inventory classroom equipment, materials, and supplies., Supervise, evaluate, and plan assignments for teacher assistants and volunteers., Administer tests to help determine children's developmental levels, needs, and potential., Attend staff meetings and serve on committees as required., Provide disabled students with assistive devices, supportive technology, and assistance accessing facilities, such as restrooms., Perform administrative duties, such as hall and cafeteria monitoring and bus loading and unloading..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer based training software, Desktop communications software, Electronic mail software, Video creation and editing software, Project management software, Video conferencing software, Mobile messaging service software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software, Multi-media educational software. Examples include Appletree, Bloomz, Children's educational software, ClassDojo, Common Curriculum, EasyCBM, Edmodo, Email software, Flipgrid, Google Classroom, Google Meet, Intrado SchoolMessenger, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Word, Nearpod, Padlet, Schoology, Seesaw, Tadpoles. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Digital cameras, Compact disk players or recorders, Desktop computers, Board games, Puzzles, Cognitive toys, Mobile medical services first aid kits, Tactile toys, Personal computers, Photocopiers, Balance or gross motor equipment, Sand or water tables or activity centers, Building blocks. For example, Compact digital cameras, Compact disk CD players, Desktop computers, Educational board games, Educational puzzles, Educational toys, Emergency first aid kits, Pegboards, Personal computers, Photocopying equipment, Play structures, Sand tables, Toy block sets, Water tables. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Near Vision, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Artistic, Social, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Learning Strategies, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Instructing, Service Orientation, Complex Problem Solving, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education, Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education, Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors, Social and Human Service Assistants, Recreational Therapists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 17.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 17.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Speech-Language Pathologists. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Art Therapists. The path begins with Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. "
