"document"
"A Library Technicians is someone who Assist librarians by helping readers in the use of library catalogs, databases, and indexes to locate books and other materials; and by answering questions that require only brief consultation of standard reference. Compile records; sort and shelve books or other media; remove or repair damaged books or other media; register patrons; and check materials in and out of the circulation process. Replace materials in shelving area (stacks) or files. Includes bookmobile drivers who assist with providing services in mobile libraries. . The Library Technicians  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Educational Instruction and Library Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Reserve, circulate, renew, and discharge books and other materials., Answer routine telephone or in-person reference inquiries, referring patrons to librarians for further assistance, when necessary., Help patrons find and use library resources, such as reference materials, audio-visual equipment, computers, and other electronic resources and provide technical assistance when needed., Deliver and retrieve items throughout the library by hand or using pushcart., Process print and non-print library materials to prepare them for inclusion in library collections., Catalogue and sort books and other print and non-print materials according to procedure and return them to shelves, files, or other designated storage areas., Enter and update patrons' records on computers., Provide assistance to teachers and students by locating materials and helping to complete special projects., Compile and maintain records relating to circulation, materials, and equipment., Take actions to halt disruption of library activities by problem patrons., Maintain and troubleshoot problems with library equipment, including computers, photocopiers, and audio-visual equipment., Check for damaged library materials, such as books or audio-visual equipment, and provide replacements or make repairs., Collect fines and respond to complaints about fines., Train other staff, volunteers, or student assistants and schedule and supervise their work., Conduct reference searches, using printed materials and in-house and online databases., Compile data and create statistical reports on library usage., Design posters and special displays to promote use of library facilities or specific reading programs at libraries., Issue identification cards to borrowers., Review subject matter of materials to be classified and select classification numbers and headings according to classification systems., Process interlibrary loans for patrons., Order all print and non-print library materials, checking prices, figuring costs, preparing order slips, and making payments., Send out notices about lost or overdue books., Retrieve information from central databases for storage in a library's computer., Verify bibliographical data for materials, including author, title, publisher, publication date, and edition., Plan and conduct children's programs, community outreach programs, and other specialized programs, such as library tours., Organize and maintain periodicals and reference materials., Claim missing issues of periodicals and journals., Compose explanatory summaries of contents of books and other reference materials., Design, customize, and maintain databases, web pages, and local area networks., Sort and deliver library mail and packages., Collaborate with archivists to arrange for the safe storage of historical records and documents., Operate and maintain audio-visual equipment, such as projectors, tape recorders, and videocassette recorders., Prepare volumes for binding., File catalog cards according to system used., Compile bibliographies and prepare abstracts on subjects of interest to particular organizations or groups..  They also know about using the following technology: Document management software, Web page creation and editing software, Graphics or photo imaging software, Desktop publishing software, Data base user interface and query software, Library software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Operating system software, Internet browser software. Examples include Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Dreamweaver, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, Database software, Dynix Digital Library, Email software, Ex Libris Group Aleph, Ex Libris Group Voyager, FileMaker Pro, HandyFile Find and Replace Text Aid Kit, Inmagic TextWorks, Innovative Interfaces Millennium, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Publisher, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, National Library of Medicine DOCLINE, National Library of Medicine Medline, Online Computer Library Center (OCLC) databases, SirsiDynix Symphony, Web browser software, WebClarity Software BookWhere, Word processing software, WorldCat. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Bar code reader equipment, Cargo trucks, Cash registers, Desktop computers, Digital video disk players or recorders, Film projectors, Notebook computers, Microfiche or microfilm viewers, Microfiche reader printers, Special purpose telephones, Personal computers, Photocopiers, Scanners, Video cassette players or recorders. For example, Barcode scanners, Bookmobiles, Cash registers, Desktop computers, Digital video disk DVD players, Film projectors, Laptop computers, Microfiche readers, Microfilm printers, Microfilm readers, Multi-line telephone systems, Personal computers, Photocopying equipment, Scanners, Video cassette recorders VCR. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Coordination, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Processing Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Library Technicians occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Insurance Underwriters, Museum Technicians and Conservators, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors, Credit Counselors. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 45.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 45.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. "
