"document"
"A Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers is someone who Plan and erect commercial displays, such as those in windows and interiors of retail stores and at trade exhibitions. . The Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Arts, Design, Entertainment, Sports, and Media Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Plan commercial displays to entice and appeal to customers., Arrange properties, furniture, merchandise, backdrops, or other accessories, as shown in prepared sketches., Change or rotate window displays, interior display areas, or signage to reflect changes in inventory or promotion., Place prices or descriptive signs on backdrops, fixtures, merchandise, or floor., Consult with store managers, buyers, sales associates, housekeeping staff, or engineering staff to determine appropriate placement of displays or products., Maintain props, products, or mannequins, inspecting them for imperfections, doing touch-ups, cleaning up after customers, or applying preservative coatings as necessary., Develop ideas or plans for merchandise displays or window decorations., Assemble or set up displays, furniture, or products in store space, using colors, lights, pictures, or other accessories to display the product., Install booths, exhibits, displays, carpets, or drapes, as guided by floor plan of building or specifications., Select themes, lighting, colors, or props to be used., Consult with advertising or sales staff to determine type of merchandise to be featured and time and place for each display., Attend training sessions or corporate planning meetings to obtain new ideas for product launches., Collaborate with others to obtain products or other display items., Construct or assemble displays or display components from fabric, glass, paper, or plastic, using hand tools or woodworking power tools, according to specifications., Obtain plans from display designers or display managers and discuss their implementation with clients or supervisors., Take photographs of displays or signage., Dress mannequins for displays., Supervise or train staff members on daily tasks, such as visual merchandising., Store, pack, and maintain inventory records of props, products, or display items., Use computers to produce signage., Prepare sketches, floor plans, or models of proposed displays., Instruct sales staff in color coordination of clothing racks or counter displays., Install decorations, such as flags, banners, festive lights, or bunting on or in building, street, exhibit hall, or booth., Cut out designs on cardboard, hardboard, or plywood, according to motif of event., Create or enhance mannequin faces by mixing and applying paint or attaching measured eyelash strips, using artist's brush, airbrush, pins, ruler, or scissors..  They also know about using the following technology: Document management software, Graphics or photo imaging software, Desktop publishing software, Computer aided design CAD software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Internet browser software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Video creation and editing software. Examples include Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Creative Cloud software, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Autodesk AutoCAD, Computer aided design CAD software, Email software, Google Docs, Graphics software, IBM Lotus Notes, Inventory control systems, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Netscape Navigator, SmugMug Flickr, Spreadsheet software, Trimble SketchUp Pro, Word processing software, YouTube. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Air brushes, Paint brushes, Claw hammer, Desktop computers, Digital cameras, Dollies, Glue guns, Saws, Ladders, Locking pliers, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Power drills, Power saws, Power staple guns, Rulers, Shears, Domestic sewing machines, Hammers, Power nail guns, Utility knives. For example, Air brushes, Artists' brushes, Claw hammers, Desktop computers, Digital cameras, Dollies, Glue guns, Hand saws, Ladders, Locking pliers, Personal computers, Phillips head screwdrivers, Power drills, Power saws, Power staplers, Rulers, Scissors, Sewing machines, Straight screwdrivers, Tack hammers, Tacker guns, Tile saws, Utility knives. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Artistic, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Coordination, Judgment and Decision Making. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Museum Technicians and Conservators, Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products, Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products, Musicians and Singers, Online Merchants. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 27.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 27.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
