"document"
"A Actors is someone who Play parts in stage, television, radio, video, or film productions, or other settings for entertainment, information, or instruction. Interpret serious or comic role by speech, gesture, and body movement to entertain or inform audience. May dance and sing. . The Actors  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Arts, Design, Entertainment, Sports, and Media Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Information, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Collaborate with other actors as part of an ensemble., Portray and interpret roles, using speech, gestures, and body movements, to entertain, inform, or instruct radio, film, television, or live audiences., Work closely with directors, other actors, and playwrights to find the interpretation most suited to the role., Perform humorous and serious interpretations of emotions, actions, and situations, using body movements, facial expressions, and gestures., Study and rehearse roles from scripts to interpret, learn and memorize lines, stunts, and cues as directed., Learn about characters in scripts and their relationships to each other to develop role interpretations., Attend auditions and casting calls to audition for roles., Sing or dance during dramatic or comedic performances., Work with other crew members responsible for lighting, costumes, make-up, and props., Tell jokes, perform comic dances, songs and skits, impersonate mannerisms and voices of others, contort face, and use other devices to amuse audiences., Read from scripts or books to narrate action or to inform or entertain audiences, utilizing few or no stage props., Promote productions using means such as interviews about plays or movies., Prepare and perform action stunts for motion picture, television, or stage productions., Write original or adapted material for dramas, comedies, puppet shows, narration, or other performances., Introduce performances and performers to stimulate excitement and coordinate smooth transition of acts during events., Dress in comical clown costumes and makeup, and perform comedy routines to entertain audiences., Construct puppets and ventriloquist dummies, and sew accessory clothing, using hand tools and machines., Perform original and stock tricks of illusion to entertain and mystify audiences, occasionally including audience members as participants., Manipulate strings, wires, rods, or fingers to animate puppets or dummies in synchronization with talking, singing, or recorded programs..  They also know about using the following technology: Video creation and editing software, Electronic mail software, Web page creation and editing software, Data base user interface and query software, Operating system software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Instant messaging software, Internet browser software, Video conferencing software. Examples include Apple Final Cut Pro, Email software, Facebook, FileMaker Pro, Instagram, LinkedIn, Linux, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Motion capture software, TikTok, Twitter, Web browser software, Website development software, Word processing software, YouTube, Zoom. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Digital cameras, Digital camcorders or video cameras, Notebook computers, MP3 players or recorders, Personal computers, Camera tripods, Tablet computers, Microphones. For example, Digital still cameras, Digital video recorders, Laptop computers, MP3 digital voice recorders, Personal computers, Photography tripods, Tablet computers, Wireless microphones. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Memorization, Selective Attention, Near Vision, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Artistic, Social, Enterprising. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Psychology, Sociology and Anthropology, English Language, Fine Arts, Communications and Media to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Thinking Creatively, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Actors occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Tour Guides and Escorts, Dancers, Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education, Makeup Artists, Theatrical and Performance, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
