"document"
"A Umpires, Referees, and Other Sports Officials is someone who Officiate at competitive athletic or sporting events. Detect infractions of rules and decide penalties according to established regulations. Includes all sporting officials, referees, and competition judges. . The Umpires, Referees, and Other Sports Officials  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Arts, Design, Entertainment, Sports, and Media Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Officiate at sporting events, games, or competitions, to maintain standards of play and to ensure that game rules are observed., Inspect game sites for compliance with regulations or safety requirements., Resolve claims of rule infractions or complaints by participants and assess any necessary penalties, according to regulations., Signal participants or other officials to make them aware of infractions or to otherwise regulate play or competition., Teach and explain the rules and regulations governing a specific sport., Inspect sporting equipment or examine participants to ensure compliance with event and safety regulations., Report to regulating organizations regarding sporting activities, complaints made, and actions taken or needed, such as fines or other disciplinary actions., Confer with other sporting officials, coaches, players, and facility managers to provide information, coordinate activities, and discuss problems., Judge performances in sporting competitions to award points, impose scoring penalties, and determine results., Verify scoring calculations before competition winners are announced., Start races and competitions., Compile scores and other athletic records., Verify credentials of participants in sporting events, and make other qualifying determinations, such as starting order or handicap number., Keep track of event times, including race times and elapsed time during game segments, starting or stopping play when necessary., Direct participants to assigned areas, such as starting blocks or penalty areas., Research and study players and teams to anticipate issues that might arise in future engagements..  They also know about using the following technology: Document management software, Data base user interface and query software, Electronic mail software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Video creation and editing software, Internet browser software. Examples include Adobe Acrobat, Database software, Email software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Video editing software, Web browser software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Pressure indicators, Public address systems, Ball pump, Phone headsets, Sports timer, Digital video disk players or recorders, Sport safety equipment other than headgear, Sport scoreboards, Cross trainers, Bench scales, Stationary bicycles, Treadmills, Ice skates, Notebook computers, Tape measures, Flags or accessories, Personal computers, Sport safety headgear, Whistle, Game accessories, Exercise balls, Tablet computers, Fitness weights. For example, Air gauges, Announcement systems, Ball inflators, Communications headsets, Countdown timers, Digital video disk DVD players, Elbow pads, Electronic display boards, Elliptical trainers, Equipment scales, Exercise bicycles, Fitness treadmills, Hockey girdles, Hockey skates, Laptop computers, Leg guards, Measuring tapes, Outside chest protectors, Penalty flags, Personal computers, Protective sports helmets, Referee whistles, Shin guards, Sports flip coins, Stability balls, Tablet computers, Umpire chest protectors, Umpire masks, Weight training equipment. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Speed of Closure, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Near Vision, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Coordination, Judgment and Decision Making. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Performing General Physical Activities, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Umpires, Referees, and Other Sports Officials occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education, Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors, Tour Guides and Escorts, Self-Enrichment Teachers, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
