"document"
"A Dancers is someone who Perform dances. May perform on stage, for broadcasting, or for video recording. . The Dancers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Arts, Design, Entertainment, Sports, and Media Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Information, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Study and practice dance moves required in roles., Harmonize body movements to rhythm of musical accompaniment., Train, exercise, and attend dance classes to maintain high levels of technical proficiency, physical ability, and physical fitness., Coordinate dancing with that of partners or dance ensembles., Develop self-understanding of physical capabilities and limitations, and choose dance styles accordingly., Perform classical, modern, or acrobatic dances in productions, expressing stories, rhythm, and sound with their bodies., Collaborate with choreographers to refine or modify dance steps., Audition for dance roles or for membership in dance companies., Attend costume fittings, photography sessions, and makeup calls associated with dance performances., Monitor the field of dance to remain aware of current trends and innovations., Prepare pointe shoes, by sewing or other means, for use in rehearsals and performance., Perform in productions, singing or acting in addition to dancing, if required., Teach dance students., Devise and choreograph dance for self or others..  They also know about using the following technology: Graphics or photo imaging software, Video creation and editing software, Web page creation and editing software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Information retrieval or search software, Filesystem software, Internet browser software. Examples include Adobe Photoshop, Apple Final Cut Pro, Choreography software, Facebook, LinkedIn, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Pinterest, Samba, Social media sites, Web browser software, YouTube. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Exercise balls, Balance equipment, Resistance bands, Notebook computers, Mens athletic footwear, Portable stereo systems, Personal computers, Womens athletic footwear, Tablet computers. For example, Balance balls, Dance barres, Exercise bands, Laptop computers, Men's ballet flats, Men's ballroom dancing shoes, Men's clogging shoes, Men's hip hop dance shoes, Men's jazz shoes, Men's Latin dance shoes, Men's modern dance shoes, Men's social dance shoes, Men's tap shoes, Multi-speaker stereo systems, Personal computers, Pointe shoes, Tablet computers, Women's ballet flats, Women's ballroom dancing shoes, Women's clogging shoes, Women's hip hop dance shoes, Women's jazz shoes, Women's Latin dance shoes, Women's modern dance shoes, Women's social dance shoes, Women's tap shoes. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Originality, Information Ordering, Memorization, Multilimb Coordination, Speed of Limb Movement, Static Strength, Dynamic Strength, Trunk Strength, Stamina, Extent Flexibility, Dynamic Flexibility, Gross Body Coordination, Gross Body Equilibrium, Near Vision, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Realistic, Artistic, Social, Enterprising. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in English Language, Fine Arts to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Coordination. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Thinking Creatively, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Dancers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Musicians and Singers, Museum Technicians and Conservators, Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors, Proofreaders and Copy Markers, Music Directors and Composers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 9.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 9.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
