"document"
"A Dietetic Technicians is someone who Assist in the provision of food service and nutritional programs, under the supervision of a dietitian. May plan and produce meals based on established guidelines, teach principles of food and nutrition, or counsel individuals. . The Dietetic Technicians  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Healthcare Practitioners and Technical Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Observe and monitor patient food intake and body weight, and report changes, progress, and dietary problems to dietician., Conduct nutritional assessments of individuals, including obtaining and evaluating individuals' dietary histories, to plan nutritional programs., Prepare a major meal, following recipes and determining group food quantities., Supervise food production or service or assist dietitians or nutritionists in food service supervision or planning., Plan menus or diets or guide individuals or families in food selection, preparation, or menu planning, based upon nutritional needs and established guidelines., Develop job specifications, job descriptions, or work schedules., Attend interdisciplinary meetings with other health care professionals to discuss patient care., Provide dietitians with assistance researching food, nutrition, or food service systems., Select, schedule, or conduct orientation or in-service education programs., Analyze menus or recipes, standardize recipes, or test new products., Determine food and beverage costs and assist in implementing cost control procedures., Refer patients to other relevant services to provide continuity of care., Deliver speeches on diet, nutrition, or health to promote healthy eating habits and illness prevention and treatment..  They also know about using the following technology: Calendar and scheduling software, Analytical or scientific software, Data base user interface and query software, Medical software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Desktop publishing software, Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Internet browser software. Examples include Appointment scheduling software, Axxya Systems Nutritionist Pro, CBORD Nutrition Service Suite, Computrition Nutrition Care Management NCM Select, CyberSoft NutriBase, Cybersoft Primero Software Suite, Desktop publishing software, DietMaster Systems Clinical Nutrition, ESHA Research The Food Processor, eTritionWare, Food Service Solutions FoodCo, Gnutrition, LunchByte Systems NUTRIKIDS, MEDITECH software, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, NutriGenie Optimal Nutrition, Patient electronic medical record EMR software, Presentation software, Spreadsheet software, The Nutrition Company FoodWorks, USDA Child Nutrition Database, ValuSoft MasterCook, Web browser software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Skinfold calipers, Commercial use food slicers, Commercial use cutlery, Commercial use microwave ovens, Commercial use mixers, Commercial use ovens, Commercial use ranges, Desktop computers, Commercial use scales, Notebook computers, Patient floor scales, Medical tape measures, Personal computers, Scientific calculator. For example, Body-fat calipers, Commercial kitchen food slicers, Commercial kitchen knives, Commercial kitchen microwave ovens, Commercial kitchen mixers, Commercial kitchen ovens, Commercial kitchen stoves, Desktop computers, Food scales, Laptop computers, Medical floor scales, Medical measuring tapes, Personal computers, Programmable calculators. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Social, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Personnel and Human Resources, Production and Processing, Food Production, Computers and Electronics, Mathematics, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Learning Strategies, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Instructing, Service Orientation, Complex Problem Solving, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Dietetic Technicians occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School, Recreation Workers, Registered Nurses, Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School, Exercise Physiologists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 13.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 13.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School. The journey culminates with Health Specialties Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School. The journey culminates with Environmental Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Midwives. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physician Assistants. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School. The journey culminates with Health Specialties Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School. The journey culminates with Instructional Coordinators. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School. The journey culminates with Environmental Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. According to ONET survey research, 35% feel this occupation requires a Associate's Degree (or other 2-year degree) Educational programs associated with this occupation tend to graduate people with the following degrees: Associate's degree, Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs), Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs), Postbaccalaureate certificate, Master’s degree, Post-master’s certificate, Bachelor's degree. Among black students completing instructional programs related to this occupation, 11% received a Associate's degree, 16% received a Bachelor's degree, 4% received a Master’s degree, 6% received a Post-master’s certificate, ?, 0% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs), 16% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), 14% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs). The following schools granted the most credentials aligned with the educational requirements related to this occupation: Central Arizona College, Chaffey College, Cosumnes River College, College of the Desert, Loma Linda University, Long Beach City College, Los Angeles City College, Merritt College, Orange Coast College, Santa Rosa Junior College, Front Range Community College, Gateway Community College, Florida State College at Jacksonville, Hillsborough Community College, Miami Dade College, Pensacola State College, Albany Technical College, Parkland College, William Rainey Harper College, Indian Hills Community College, Barton County Community College, Delgado Community College, Southern Maine Community College, Baltimore City Community College, Laboure College of Healthcare, North Shore Community College, Wayne County Community College District, University of Minnesota-Crookston, Normandale Community College, Northland Community and Technical College, Minnesota State College Southeast, Great Falls College Montana State University, Camden County College, Middlesex College, CUNY LaGuardia Community College, Erie Community College, Finger Lakes Community College, Mohawk Valley Community College, Niagara County Community College, Schenectady County Community College, SUNY Morrisville, Trocaire College, SUNY Westchester Community College, Gaston College, Lenoir Community College, Owens Community College, Stark State College, Youngstown State University, Pennsylvania State University-Main Campus, Westmoreland County Community College, Southwest Tennessee Community College, San Jacinto Community College, Tarrant County College District, Madison Area Technical College, Milwaukee Area Technical College, Paradise Valley Community College, Chandler-Gilbert Community College, Suffolk County Community College, Pennsylvania State University-World Campus, The Pennsylvania State University"
