"document"
"A Opticians, Dispensing is someone who Design, measure, fit, and adapt lenses and frames for client according to written optical prescription or specification. Assist client with inserting, removing, and caring for contact lenses. Assist client with selecting frames. Measure customer for size of eyeglasses and coordinate frames with facial and eye measurements and optical prescription. Prepare work order for optical laboratory containing instructions for grinding and mounting lenses in frames. Verify exactness of finished lens spectacles. Adjust frame and lens position to fit client. May shape or reshape frames. Includes contact lens opticians. . The Opticians, Dispensing  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Healthcare Practitioners and Technical Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Measure clients' bridge and eye size, temple length, vertex distance, pupillary distance, and optical centers of eyes, using measuring devices., Verify that finished lenses are ground to specifications., Evaluate prescriptions in conjunction with clients' vocational and avocational visual requirements., Recommend specific lenses, lens coatings, and frames to suit client needs., Assist clients in selecting frames according to style and color, and ensure that frames are coordinated with facial and eye measurements and optical prescriptions., Maintain records of customer prescriptions, work orders, and payments., Heat, shape, or bend plastic or metal frames to adjust eyeglasses to fit clients, using pliers and hands., Show customers how to insert, remove, and care for their contact lenses., Determine clients' current lens prescriptions, when necessary, using lensometers or lens analyzers and clients' eyeglasses., Prepare work orders and instructions for grinding lenses and fabricating eyeglasses., Obtain a customer's previous record, or verify a prescription with the examining optometrist or ophthalmologist., Sell goods such as contact lenses, spectacles, sunglasses, and goods related to eyes, in general., Fabricate lenses to meet prescription specifications., Perform administrative duties, such as tracking inventory and sales, submitting patient insurance information, and performing simple bookkeeping., Assemble eyeglasses by cutting and edging lenses, and fitting the lenses into frames., Instruct clients in how to wear and care for eyeglasses., Supervise the training of student opticians., Order and purchase frames and lenses., Grind lens edges, or apply coatings to lenses., Repair damaged frames., Arrange and maintain displays of optical merchandise..  They also know about using the following technology: Medical software, Data base user interface and query software, Accounting software, Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software, Point of sale POS software. Examples include Compulink Eyecare Advantage, Cygnet Infotech Optifocus, Database software, Diversified Ophthalmics Practice Maximus, EMRlogic Systems ENTERPRISE Visions, EZ-Zone Optizone Enterprise, First Insight MaximEyes, HealthLine Systems Eyecom, Insight Software My Vision Express, Intuit QuickBooks, Inventory management systems, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Word, OfficeMate Software Solutions OfficeMate, Point of sale POS software, Specialist Data Solutions OctoPlus, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Opticians tools, Keratometers, Cash registers, Lens measuring equipment, Magnetic stripe readers and encoders, Desktop computers, Calipers, Ophthalmic lensometers, Half round file, Hex keys, Notebook computers, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Tweezers, Eye charts or vision cards. For example, Angling pliers, Autorefractors, Bracing pliers, Bushing pullers, Cash registers, Chain nose pliers, Cold-bend pliers, Contact lens thickness gauges, Contact lens tweezers, Credit card processing machines, Desktop computers, Dial calipers, Digital calipers, Digital pupilometers, End piece pliers, Flat nose pliers, Focimeters, Frame warmers, Half-round files, Hex wrenches, Hollow snipe pliers, Laptop computers, Lens aligning pliers, Lens analyzers, Lens clocks, Lens files, Millimeter rules, Nose pad adjusting pliers, Optical cutting pliers, Optical screwdrivers, Optometric lensometers, Personal computers, Phillips head screwdrivers, Pickup screwdrivers, Pupillometers, Screw-holding tweezers, Snellen eye charts, Snipe nose pliers, Straight screwdrivers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Finger Dexterity, Near Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Administrative, Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Personnel and Human Resources, Production and Processing, Computers and Electronics, Mathematics, Psychology, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Service Orientation, Complex Problem Solving. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Performing Administrative Activities, Staffing Organizational Units, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Opticians, Dispensing occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Community Health Workers, Exercise Physiologists, Fraud Examiners, Investigators and Analysts, Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School, Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
