"document"
"A Ophthalmic Medical Technicians is someone who Assist ophthalmologists by performing ophthalmic clinical functions. May administer eye exams, administer eye medications, and instruct the patient in care and use of corrective lenses. . The Ophthalmic Medical Technicians  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Healthcare Practitioners and Technical Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Management of Companies and Enterprises, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Take and document patients' medical histories., Conduct tonometry or tonography tests to measure intraocular pressure., Operate ophthalmic equipment, such as autorefractors, phoropters, tomographs, or retinoscopes., Take anatomical or functional ocular measurements of the eye or surrounding tissue, such as axial length measurements., Measure visual acuity, including near, distance, pinhole, or dynamic visual acuity, using appropriate tests., Measure and record lens power, using lensometers., Administer topical ophthalmic or oral medications., Conduct visual field tests to measure field of vision., Assist physicians in performing ophthalmic procedures, including surgery., Measure corneal curvature with keratometers or ophthalmometers to aid in the diagnosis of conditions, such as astigmatism., Conduct ocular motility tests to measure function of eye muscles., Clean or sterilize ophthalmic or surgical instruments., Maintain ophthalmic instruments or equipment., Instruct patients in the care and use of contact lenses., Assess refractive conditions of eyes, using retinoscopes., Call patients to inquire about their post-operative status or recovery., Assist patients to insert or remove contact lenses., Conduct binocular disparity tests to assess depth perception., Adjust or make minor repairs to spectacles or eyeglasses., Assist patients to select eyewear..  They also know about using the following technology: Medical software, Electronic mail software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Internet browser software. Examples include AcuityPro, Email software, EyeMD EMR Healthcare Systems EyeMD EMR, ezChartWriter, iChartPlus, Medflow Complete, MediPro Medisoft Clinical, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, NaviNet Open, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Ultrasonic examination equipment, Eye charts or vision cards, Ophthalmic lensometers, Keratometers, Ophthalmic spectrophotometers, Binocular vision test sets, Thickness measuring devices, Corneal topographers, Opticians tools, Chart projectors, Photo attachments for microscopes, Eye occluders, Exophthalmometers, Lid plates for ophthalmic surgery, Laser fax machine, Ophthalmic prisms, Mercury blood pressure units, Ophthalmic transilluminators, Ophthalmic perimeters, Ophthalmic slit lamps, Medical syringes with needle, Ophthalmic tonometers, Ophthalmoscopes or otoscopes or scope sets, Medical computed tomography CT or CAT scanners or tubes, Interferometers, Personal computers, Phoropter units, Ophthalmic retinoscopes, Steam autoclaves or sterilizers, Depth perception apparatus, Tangent screen test objects kits, Vision testing stereoscopes, Ophthalmic visual function analyzers. For example, A-scan biometers, Amsler grids, Automated lensometers, Autorefractors, B-Scan biometers, Bio-microscopes, Brightness acuity testers, Color blindness tests, Corneal pachymeters, Corneal topographers, Digital pupillometers, Eye chart projectors, Flat nose pliers, Fundus cameras, Handheld occluders, Hertel exophthalmometers, Jaeger lid plates, Keratometers, Laser facsimile machines, Loose prisms, Luedde exophthalmometers, Maddox rods, Manual blood pressure cuffs, Manual lensometers, Manual pupillometers, Millimeter rules, Naugle exophthalmometers, Ocular transilluminators, Ophthalmic perimeters, Ophthalmic slit lamps, Ophthalmic syringes, Ophthalmic tonographers, Ophthalmic tonometers, Ophthalmoscopes, Optical coherence tomography OCT scanners, Optical interferometers, Optical screwdrivers, Optokinetic drums, Personal computers, Phoroptors, Potential acuity meters, Retinal tomography machines, Retinoscopes, Snellen eye charts, Snipe nose pliers, Steam autoclaves, Stereo vision tests, Tangent screens, Titmus vision screeners, Visual acuity cards, Wavefront aberrometers, Wide jaw angling pliers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Finger Dexterity, Near Vision, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Social, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Mathematics, Medicine and Dentistry, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Handling and Moving Objects, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Ophthalmic Medical Technicians occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Exercise Physiologists, Cytogenetic Technologists, Interpreters and Translators, Social and Human Service Assistants, Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 17.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 17.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Anesthesiologist Assistants. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Anesthesiologists. "
