"document"
"A Psychiatric Aides is someone who Assist mentally impaired or emotionally disturbed patients, working under direction of nursing and medical staff. May assist with daily living activities, lead patients in educational and recreational activities, or accompany patients to and from examinations and treatments. May restrain violent patients. Includes psychiatric orderlies. . The Psychiatric Aides  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Healthcare Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Listen and provide emotional support and encouragement to psychiatric patients., Provide mentally impaired or emotionally disturbed patients with routine physical, emotional, psychological, or rehabilitation care under the direction of nursing or medical staff., Complete physical checks and monitor patients to detect unusual or harmful behavior and report observations to professional staff., Restrain or aid patients as necessary to prevent injury., Work as part of a team that may include psychiatrists, psychologists, psychiatric nurses, or social workers., Record and maintain patient information, such as vital signs, eating habits, behavior, progress notes, treatments, or discharge plans., Maintain patients' restrictions to assigned areas., Organize, supervise, or encourage patient participation in social, educational, or recreational activities., Provide patients with assistance in bathing, dressing, or grooming, demonstrating these skills as necessary., Aid patients in becoming accustomed to hospital routines., Serve meals or feed patients needing assistance or persuasion., Clean and disinfect rooms and furnishings to maintain a safe and orderly environment., Complete administrative tasks, such as entering orders into computer, answering telephone calls, or maintaining medical or facility information., Accompany patients to and from wards for medical or dental treatments, shopping trips, or religious or recreational events., Participate in recreational activities with patients, including card games, sports, or television viewing., Perform nursing duties, such as administering medications, measuring vital signs, collecting specimens, or drawing blood samples., Interview patients upon admission and record information..  They also know about using the following technology: Electronic mail software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Operating system software, Word processing software, Medical software. Examples include Email software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Patient management software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Electronic blood pressure units, Bedpans, Blood collection syringes, Desktop computers, Electronic medical thermometers, Enema kits, Vacuum blood collection tubes or containers, Clinical hydraulic lifts, Medical or surgical suction or vacuum appliances, Special purpose telephones, Medical oxygen masks or parts, Patient stabilization or fall prevention devices, Personal computers, Razors, Specimen collection container, Two way radios, Urinalysis test strips, Wheelchairs. For example, Automatic blood pressure cuffs, Bedpans, Blood collection syringes, Desktop computers, Digital patient thermometers, Enema equipment, Evacuated blood collection tubes, Hydraulic patient lifts, Intubation suctioning kits, Multi-line telephone systems, Oxygen delivery masks, Patient restraints, Personal computers, Safety razors, Specimen collection containers, Two way radios, Urinalysis test strips, Wheelchairs. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Selective Attention, Static Strength, Near Vision, Far Vision, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Social, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Psychology, Therapy and Counseling to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Learning Strategies, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Instructing, Service Orientation, Complex Problem Solving, Judgment and Decision Making. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Psychiatric Aides occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Psychiatric Technicians, Occupational Therapy Aides, Licensed Practical and Licensed Vocational Nurses, Occupational Therapy Assistants, Nursing Assistants. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
