"document"
"A Nursing Assistants is someone who Provide or assist with basic care or support under the direction of onsite licensed nursing staff. Perform duties such as monitoring of health status, feeding, bathing, dressing, grooming, toileting, or ambulation of patients in a health or nursing facility. May include medication administration and other health-related tasks. Includes nursing care attendants, nursing aides, and nursing attendants. . The Nursing Assistants  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Healthcare Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Information, Finance and Insurance, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Turn or reposition bedridden patients., Answer patient call signals, signal lights, bells, or intercom systems to determine patients' needs., Feed patients or assist patients to eat or drink., Measure and record food and liquid intake or urinary and fecal output, reporting changes to medical or nursing staff., Provide physical support to assist patients to perform daily living activities, such as getting out of bed, bathing, dressing, using the toilet, standing, walking, or exercising., Document or otherwise report observations of patient behavior, complaints, or physical symptoms to nurses., Remind patients to take medications or nutritional supplements., Review patients' dietary restrictions, food allergies, and preferences to ensure patient receives appropriate diet., Undress, wash, and dress patients who are unable to do so for themselves., Observe or examine patients to detect symptoms that may require medical attention, such as bruises, open wounds, or blood in urine., Lift or assist others to lift patients to move them on or off beds, examination tables, surgical tables, or stretchers., Supply, collect, or empty bedpans., Communicate with patients to ascertain feelings or need for assistance or social and emotional support., Record vital signs, such as temperature, blood pressure, pulse, or respiration rate, as directed by medical or nursing staff., Gather information from caregivers, nurses, or physicians about patient condition, treatment plans, or appropriate activities., Wash, groom, shave, or drape patients to prepare them for surgery, treatment, or examination., Prepare or serve food trays., Change bed linens or make beds., Exercise patients who are comatose, paralyzed, or have restricted mobility., Restock patient rooms with personal hygiene items, such as towels, washcloths, soap, or toilet paper., Clean and sanitize patient rooms, bathrooms, examination rooms, or other patient areas., Assist nurses or physicians in the operation of medical equipment or provision of patient care., Record height or weight of patients., Transport patients to treatment units, testing units, operating rooms, or other areas, using wheelchairs, stretchers, or moveable beds., Collect specimens, such as urine, feces, or sputum., Provide information, such as directions, visiting hours, or patient status information to visitors or callers., Position or hold patients in position for surgical preparation., Set up treating or testing equipment, such as oxygen tents, portable radiograph (x-ray) equipment, or overhead irrigation bottles, as directed by a physician or nurse., Administer medications or treatments, such as catheterizations, suppositories, irrigations, enemas, massages, or douches, as directed by a physician or nurse., Apply clean dressings, slings, stockings, or support bandages, under direction of nurse or physician., Stock or issue medical supplies, such as dressing packs or treatment trays., Explain medical instructions to patients or family members., Transport specimens, laboratory items, or pharmacy items, ensuring proper documentation and delivery to authorized personnel..  They also know about using the following technology: Business intelligence and data analysis software, Accounting software, Medical software, Video conferencing software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Internet browser software, Video creation and editing software. Examples include Apache Spark, Billing software, Epic Systems, FaceTime, GE Healthcare Centricity EMR, Health information database software, Medical condition coding software, Medical procedure coding software, Medical record charting software, MEDITECH software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, PointClickCare healthcare software, Telemetry software, Web browser software, YouTube. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Patient care beds for general use, Vascular or compression apparel or support, Electronic blood pressure units, Mobile medical services automated external defibrillators AED or hard paddles, Extremities cradles, Medical ultrasound or doppler or pulse echocardiograph or echocardiograph units for general diagnostic use, Glucose monitors or meters, Clinical trapeze bars, Crutches, Desktop computers, Electronic medical thermometers, Electronic stethoscopes, Blanket frames or lifters, Gait belts for rehabilitation or therapy, Bedpans, Hospital intercom systems, Clinical hydraulic lifts, Spirometers, Notebook computers, Mercury blood pressure units, Medical acoustic stethoscopes, Medical exam or non surgical procedure gloves, Gurneys or scissor lifts, Patient floor scales, Special purpose telephones, Orthopedic splint systems, Medical oxygen masks or parts, Medical nasal cannulas, Medical gas cylinders or related devices, Medical aerosol tents, Oxygen therapy delivery system products, Arm orthopedic softgoods, Patient bed or table scales for general use, Extremity restraints, Patient shifting boards, Wheelchairs, Walkers or rollators, Personal computers, Photocopiers, Patient stabilization or fall prevention devices, Pulse oximeter units, Razors, Shower or bath chairs or seats for the physically challenged, Specimen collection container, Steam autoclaves or sterilizers, Therapeutic heating or cooling pads or compresses or packs, Patient urinals, Urinalysis test strips, Urinary catheterization kits, Canes. For example, Adjustable hospital beds, Anti-embolism elastic stockings, Automated blood pressure cuffs, Automated external defibrillators AED, Bed cradles, Bladder ultrasounds, Blood glucometers, Clinical trapeze traction bars, Crutches, Desktop computers, Electronic patient thermometers, Electronic stethoscopes, Foot boards, Gait belts, Hospital bedpans, Hospital intercom equipment, Hydraulic patient lifts, Incentive spirometers, Laptop computers, Manual blood pressure equipment, Mechanical stethoscopes, Medical examination protective gloves, Medical gurneys, Medical scales, Multi-line telephone systems, Oral thermometers, Orthopedic splint sets, Oxygen masks, Oxygen nasal cannulas, Oxygen tanks, Oxygen tents, Oxygen therapy equipment, Patient arm slings, Patient bed scales, Patient limb restraints, Patient transfer boards, Patient transport wheelchairs, Patient walkers, Personal computers, Photocopying equipment, Protective patient restraints, Pulse oximeters, Rectal thermometers, Safety razors, Shower chairs, Specimen collection containers, Steam sterilizers, Therapeutic cold packs, Therapeutic hot packs, Tympanic thermometers, Urinals, Urinalysis test strips, Urinary catheters, Walking canes. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Psychology, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Nursing Assistants occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Social and Human Service Assistants, Recreation Workers, Registered Nurses, Interpreters and Translators, Exercise Physiologists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 25.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 25.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Midwives. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physician Assistants. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. "
