"document"
"A Pharmacy Aides is someone who Record drugs delivered to the pharmacy, store incoming merchandise, and inform the supervisor of stock needs. May operate cash register and accept prescriptions for filling. . The Pharmacy Aides  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Healthcare Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Finance and Insurance, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Greet customers and help them locate merchandise., Accept prescriptions for filling, gathering and processing necessary information., Operate cash register to process cash or credit sales., Answer telephone inquiries, referring callers to pharmacist when necessary., Receive, store, and inventory pharmaceutical supplies or medications, check for out-of-date medications, and notify pharmacist when inventory levels are low., Unpack, sort, count, and label incoming merchandise, including items requiring special handling or refrigeration., Restock storage areas, replenishing items on shelves., Maintain and clean equipment, work areas, or shelves., Prepare prescription labels by typing or operating a computer and printer., Compound, package, and label pharmaceutical products, under direction of pharmacist., Provide customers with information about the uses, effects, or interactions of drugs., Process medical insurance claims, posting bill amounts and calculating copayments., Calculate anticipated drug usage for a prescribed period., Perform clerical tasks, such as filing, compiling and maintaining prescription records, or composing letters., Prepare, maintain, and record records of inventories, receipts, purchases, or deliveries, using a variety of computer screen formats., Deliver medication to treatment areas, living units, residences, or clinics, using various means of transportation., Operate capsule or tablet counting machine that automatically distributes a certain number of capsules or tablets into smaller containers..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Operating system software, Word processing software. Examples include Database software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Spreadsheet software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Filling or sealing auger dose machines, Tablet counters, Cash registers, Magnetic stripe readers and encoders, Desktop computers, HEPA filtered enclosures, Label making machines, Laboratory blenders or emulsifiers, Laminar flow cabinets or stations, Laser printers, Special purpose telephones, Personal computers. For example, Automatic unit dose strip packaging machines, Capsule counting machines, Cash registers, Credit card processing machines, Desktop computers, HEPA filtered biosafety cabinets, Label printing machines, Laboratory blending or mixing equipment, Laminar flow hoods, Laser printers, Liquid dose packaging machines, Multi-line telephone systems, Personal computers, Solid unit dose packaging machines, Tablet counting machines. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Social Perceptiveness, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Handling and Moving Objects, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Pharmacy Aides occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Pharmacy Technicians, Ophthalmic Medical Technicians, Bailiffs, Ophthalmic Medical Technologists, Occupational Therapy Aides. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
