"document"
"A Fish and Game Wardens is someone who Patrol assigned area to prevent fish and game law violations. Investigate reports of damage to crops or property by wildlife. Compile biological data. . The Fish and Game Wardens  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Protective Service Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 4, described as occupations that need considerable preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Patrol assigned areas by car, boat, airplane, horse, or on foot to enforce game, fish, or boating laws or to manage wildlife programs, lakes, or land., Compile and present evidence for court actions., Investigate hunting accidents or reports of fish or game law violations., Protect and preserve native wildlife, plants, or ecosystems., Issue warnings or citations and file reports as necessary., Serve warrants and make arrests., Provide assistance to other local law enforcement agencies as required., Promote or provide hunter or trapper safety training., Participate in search-and-rescue operations., Arrange for disposition of fish or game illegally taken or possessed., Seize equipment used in fish and game law violations., Address schools, civic groups, sporting clubs, or the media to disseminate information concerning wildlife conservation and regulations., Recommend revisions in hunting and trapping regulations or in animal management programs so that wildlife balances or habitats can be maintained., Inspect commercial operations relating to fish or wildlife, recreation, or protected areas., Survey areas and compile figures of bag counts of hunters to determine the effectiveness of control measures., Collect and report information on populations or conditions of fish and wildlife in their habitats, availability of game food or cover, or suspected pollution., Design or implement control measures to prevent or counteract damage caused by wildlife or people., Provide advice or information to park or reserve visitors., Investigate crop, property, or habitat damage or destruction or instances of water pollution to determine causes and to advise property owners of preventive measures., Issue licenses, permits, or other documentation., Document the extent of crop, property, or habitat damage and make financial loss estimates or compensation recommendations., Supervise the activities of seasonal workers., Perform facilities maintenance work, such as constructing or repairing structures or controlling weeds or pests., Participate in firefighting efforts..  They also know about using the following technology: Customer relationship management CRM software, Data base user interface and query software, Mobile location based services software, Map creation software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Configuration management software, Object or component oriented development software, Internet browser software. Examples include Customer relationship management CRM software, Database software, Global positioning system GPS software, Mapping software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Puppet, Spreadsheet software, Swift, Web browser software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Handguns, Police or security shotguns, Recreational motorboats, All terrain vehicles tracked or wheeled, Sporting traps, Biological evidence collection kits, Canoes or kayaks, Desktop computers, Digital camcorders or video cameras, Digital cameras, Mobile medical services first aid kits, Fingerprint latent print kits, Global positioning system GPS receiver, Bridles, Saddles, Footprint lifters, Infrared imagers, Personal motorized watercraft, Handcuffs, Military rifles, Necropsy tables, Light enhancing cameras or vision devices, Sound measuring apparatus or decibel meter, Hand sprayers, Personal computers, Riot batons, Snowmobiles or snow scooter, Sonars, Commercial fishing nets, Fishing reels, Binoculars, Air rifles or air handguns, Two way radios. For example, .40 caliber semi-automatic pistols, 12-gauge shotguns, Airboats, All terrain vehicles ATV, Animal traps, Blood collection kits, Canoes, Deoxyribonucleic acid DNA collection kits, Desktop computers, Digital camcorders, Digital cameras, Emergency first aid kits, Fingerprint evidence kits, Four wheel drive 4WD vehicles, Geodetic ground global positioning system GPS receivers, Horse bridles, Horse saddles, Impression casting kits, Infrared cameras, Jet propulsion motor boats, Jet skis, Metal handcuffs, Military rifles, Necropsy equipment, Night vision scopes, Noise meters, Patrol boats, Pepper spray, Personal computers, Police rifles, Semiautomatic rifles, Service revolvers, Shotguns, Side-handle batons, Snowmobiles, Sonar equipment, Sport fishing nets, Sport fishing reels, Surveillance binoculars, Tranquilizer guns, Two way radios. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Speed of Closure, Flexibility of Closure, Spatial Orientation, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Personnel and Human Resources, Transportation, Computers and Electronics, Mathematics, Biology, Psychology, Sociology and Anthropology, Geography, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security, Law and Government, Communications and Media to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Instructing, Service Orientation, Complex Problem Solving, Judgment and Decision Making, Systems Analysis, Systems Evaluation, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others, Performing Administrative Activities. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Fish and Game Wardens occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Athletic Trainers, Soil and Plant Scientists, Animal Scientists, Nurse Practitioners, Biologists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 22.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 22.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Biologists. "
