"document"
"A Gambling Surveillance Officers and Gambling Investigators is someone who Observe gambling operation for irregular activities such as cheating or theft by either employees or patrons. Investigate potential threats to gambling assets such as money, chips, and gambling equipment. Act as oversight and security agent for management and customers. . The Gambling Surveillance Officers and Gambling Investigators  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Protective Service Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Monitor establishment activities to ensure adherence to all state gaming regulations and company policies and procedures., Observe casino or casino hotel operations for irregular activities, such as cheating or theft by employees or patrons, using audio and video equipment and one-way mirrors., Report all violations and suspicious behaviors to supervisors, verbally or in writing., Develop and maintain log of surveillance observations., Inspect and monitor audio or video surveillance equipment to ensure it is working appropriately., Review video surveillance footage., Act as oversight or security agents for management or customers., Supervise or train surveillance observers..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Graphics or photo imaging software, Presentation software, Word processing software. Examples include FileMaker Pro, iView Systems, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Paint, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Closed circuit television CCTV system, Laser printers, Digital cameras, Digital video recorders, Golf carts, Security metal detector, Notebook computers, Handguns, Handcuffs, Two way radios, Special purpose telephones, Personal computers, Digital camcorders or video cameras, Alarm systems, Poker or slot machines, Security cameras, Tablet computers, Video cassette players or recorders. For example, Closed circuit television CCTV surveillance systems, Computer laser printers, Digital still cameras, Digital video recording equipment, Electric transportation carts, Handheld metal detectors, Laptop computers, Law enforcement handguns, Metal handcuffs, Mobile radios, Multi-line telephone systems, Personal computers, Remotely controlled cameras, Security alarm systems, Slot machines, Surveillance cameras, Tablet computers, Video cassette recording equipment. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Speed of Closure, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Near Vision, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Mathematics, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Instructing, Judgment and Decision Making. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Performing Administrative Activities. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Gambling Surveillance Officers and Gambling Investigators occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Power Distributors and Dispatchers, Compliance Officers, Human Resources Assistants, Except Payroll and Timekeeping, Interviewers, Except Eligibility and Loan, Private Detectives and Investigators. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
