"document"
"A Crossing Guards and Flaggers is someone who Guide or control vehicular or pedestrian traffic at such places as streets, schools, railroad crossings, or construction sites. . The Crossing Guards and Flaggers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Protective Service Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Direct or escort pedestrians across streets, stopping traffic, as necessary., Guide or control vehicular or pedestrian traffic at such places as street and railroad crossings and construction sites., Monitor traffic flow to locate safe gaps through which pedestrians can cross streets., Communicate traffic and crossing rules and other information to students and adults., Direct traffic movement or warn of hazards, using signs, flags, lanterns, and hand signals., Report unsafe behavior of children to school officials., Record license numbers of vehicles disregarding traffic signals, and report infractions to appropriate authorities., Distribute traffic control signs and markers at designated points., Stop speeding vehicles to warn drivers of traffic laws., Learn the location and purpose of street traffic signs within assigned patrol areas., Discuss traffic routing plans and control-point locations with superiors., Inform drivers of detour routes through construction sites..  They also know about using the following technology: Word processing software, Human resources software, Calendar and scheduling software. Examples include Microsoft Word, Payroll software, Visual Computer Solutions Crossing Guard Scheduling. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Scanners, Laser printers, Photocopiers, Digital camcorders or video cameras, Pocket calculator, Laser fax machine, Two way radios, Personal computers, Reflective apparel or accessories, Mobile phones, Safety signs, Traffic cones or delineators, Flags or accessories, Whistle. For example, Computer data input scanners, Computer laser printers, Copy machines, Digital video cameras, Handheld calculators, Laser facsimile machines, Mobile radios, Personal computers, Reflective gloves, Reflective vests, Smart phones, Stop sign paddles, Traffic cones, Warning flags, Warning whistles. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Selective Attention, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Public Safety and Security to do their job well.  Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Performing General Physical Activities, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Crossing Guards and Flaggers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners, Tour Guides and Escorts, Barbers, Skincare Specialists, Library Technicians. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
