"document"
"A Cooks, Short Order is someone who Prepare and cook to order a variety of foods that require only a short preparation time. May take orders from customers and serve patrons at counters or tables. . The Cooks, Short Order  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Food Preparation and Serving Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Clean food preparation equipment, work areas, and counters or tables., Perform food preparation tasks, such as making sandwiches, carving meats, making soups or salads, baking breads or desserts, and brewing coffee or tea., Perform general cleaning activities in kitchen and dining areas., Restock kitchen supplies, rotate food, and stamp the time and date on food in coolers., Grill, cook, and fry foods such as french fries, eggs, and pancakes., Plan work on orders so that items served together are finished at the same time., Take orders from customers and cook foods requiring short preparation times, according to customer requirements., Grill and garnish hamburgers or other meats, such as steaks and chops., Complete orders from steam tables, placing food on plates and serving customers at tables or counters., Order supplies and stock them on shelves., Accept payments, and make change or write charge slips as necessary..  They also know about using the following technology: Point of sale POS software, Inventory management software. Examples include Aldelo Systems Aldelo for Restaurants Pro, Foodman Home-Delivery, Inventory control software, Plexis Software Plexis POS, Point of sale POS software, RestaurantPlus PRO. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Domestic apple corer, Domestic wooden oven paddle, Commercial use blenders, Commercial use cutlery, Commercial use broilers, Cappuccino or espresso machines, Carbonated beverage dispenser, Cash registers, Domestic strainers or colanders, Commercial use coffee or iced tea makers, Commercial use dishwashers, Commercial use microwave ovens, Commercial use convection ovens, Commercial use deep fryers, Desktop computers, Domestic double boilers, Commercial use measuring cups, Commercial use ranges, Commercial use food processors, Commercial use graters, Commercial use grills, Bar code reader equipment, Pocket calculator, Commercial use hot dog grills, Ice dispensers, Domestic kitchen or food thermometers, Non carbonated beverage dispenser, Domestic kitchen tongs, Domestic knife sharpeners, Commercial use food slicers, Domestic melon or butter baller, Milkshake machines, Commercial use mixers, Personal computers, Commercial use pizza ovens, Point of sale POS terminal, Commercial use scales, Commercial use rolling pins, Domestic sifter, Soft serve machines, Commercial use steamers, Commercial use food warmers, Commercial use toasters, Touch screen monitors, Domestic vegetable brush, Commercial use peelers, Commercial use waffle irons. For example, Apple corers, Bakers' peels, Blenders, Boning knives, Broilers, Cappuccino makers, Carbonated beverage dispensers, Cash registers, Chefs' knives, Colanders, Commercial coffeemakers, Commercial dishwashers, Commercial microwave ovens, Convection ovens, Deep fat fryers, Desktop computers, Double boilers, Dry or liquid measuring cups, Electric ovens, Electric stoves, Food processors, Fruit zesters, Gas ovens, Gas stoves, Graters, Grills, Hand scanners, Handheld calculators, Hot dog cookers, Ice-making machines, Instant-read pocket thermometers, Juice dispensers, Kitchen tongs, Knife sharpeners, Meat slicers, Melon ballers, Milkshake and smoothie machines, Mixers, Paring knives, Personal computers, Pizza ovens, Point of sale POS computer terminals, Portion scales, Rolling pins, Serrated blade knives, Sifters, Slicing machines, Soft-serve ice cream machines, Steam kettles, Steam tables, Steamers, Strainers, Toasters, Touch screen monitors, Vegetable brushes, Vegetable peelers, Waffle makers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Food Production to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Coordination. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Cooks, Short Order occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Nursing Assistants, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers, Cooks, Private Household, Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners, Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 8.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 8.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Midwives. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physician Assistants. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Instructional Coordinators. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Short Order. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. "
