"document"
"A Cooks, Private Household is someone who Prepare meals in private homes. Includes personal chefs. . The Cooks, Private Household  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Food Preparation and Serving Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Other Services (except Public Administration). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Peel, wash, trim, and cook vegetables and meats, and bake breads and pastries., Cool, package, label, and freeze foods for later consumption and provide instructions for reheating., Plan menus according to employers' needs and diet restrictions., Shop for or order food and kitchen supplies and equipment., Prepare meals in private homes according to employers' recipes or tastes, handling all meals for the family and possibly for other household staff., Keep records pertaining to menus, finances, and other business-related issues., Stock, organize, and clean kitchens and cooking utensils., Direct the operation and organization of kitchens and all food-related activities, including the presentation and serving of food., Specialize in preparing fancy dishes or food for special diets., Plan and prepare food for parties, holiday meals, luncheons, special functions, and other social events., Create and explore new cuisines., Serve meals and snacks to employing families and their guests., Travel with employers to vacation homes to provide meal preparation at those locations..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Accounting software, Electronic mail software, Inventory management software, Internet browser software, Web page creation and editing software, Calendar and scheduling software, Video creation and editing software. Examples include APPCA Personal Chef Office, Cooking e-books, Cost tracking software, Email software, Food inventory software, Intuit QuickBooks, Web browser software, WordPress, Work scheduling software, YouTube. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Domestic knives, Basters or basting brushes, Domestic food scrapers, Anti cut gloves, Domestic forks, Domestic strainers or colanders, Laser printers, Domestic convectional ovens, Domestic can or bottle openers, Domestic microwave ovens, Domestic cutting boards, Domestic kitchen or food thermometers, Domestic kitchen timers, Domestic kitchen or diet scales, Domestic dish washers, Domestic indoor electric grills, Domestic kitchen spatulas, Domestic food processors, Domestic garlic press, Domestic graters, Commercial use icing sets or bags, Rulers, Commercial use cutlery, Domestic frying pans, Domestic knife sharpeners, Label making machines, Domestic serving utensils, Notebook computers, Domestic kitchen tongs, Domestic mandolin, Domestic measuring cups, Domestic measuring spoons, Domestic melon or butter baller, Domestic baking sheets, Domestic mixing bowls, Domestic muffin pans, Domestic saute pans, Dough knife, Domestic spoons, Potato mashers, Domestic rolling pins, Domestic saucepans, Domestic mixers, Domestic stock pots, Vegetable peeler, Tablet computers, Pen or flash drive, Domestic kitchen wire whips, Domestic wooden spoons. For example, Bakers' knives, Basting brushes, Bench scrapers, Boning knives, Bread knives, Butchers' gloves, Carving forks, Colanders, Computer laser printers, Convection ovens, Corkscrews, Countertop microwaves, Cutting boards, Deep-fat thermometers, Digital kitchen timers, Digital scales, Dishwashers, Electric grills, Fat skimmers, Fish spatulas, Food processors, Frying thermometers, Garlic presses, Graters, Icing piping tips, Kitchen rulers, Kitchen shears, Kitchen skillets, Kitchen thermometers, Knife sharpening tools, Labelmakers, Ladles, Laptop computers, Locking tongs, Mandolines, Measuring cup sets, Measuring spoon sets, Meat cleavers, Meat forks, Melon ballers, Metal baking sheets, Mixing bowls, Muffin pans, Nonstick saute pans, Offset spatulas, Omelet spatulas, Oven thermometers, Paring knives, Pastry cutters, Perforated spoons, Potato mashers, Poultry basters, Refrigerator thermometers, Rolling pins, Saucepans, Saute pans, Scorers, Serrated knives, Serving spoons, Slotted turners, Stand mixers, Stockpots, Swivel peelers, Tablet computers, Thumb drives, Vegetable peelers, Wire whisks, Wooden spoons. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Realistic, Artistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Food Production, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Service Orientation, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Selling or Influencing Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Performing Administrative Activities, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Cooks, Private Household occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Museum Technicians and Conservators, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Online Merchants, Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate, Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 16.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 16.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. "
