"document"
"A Cooks, Restaurant is someone who Prepare, season, and cook dishes such as soups, meats, vegetables, or desserts in restaurants. May order supplies, keep records and accounts, price items on menu, or plan menu. . The Cooks, Restaurant  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Food Preparation and Serving Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Inspect and clean food preparation areas, such as equipment, work surfaces, and serving areas, to ensure safe and sanitary food-handling practices., Ensure freshness of food and ingredients by checking for quality, keeping track of old and new items, and rotating stock., Ensure food is stored and cooked at correct temperature by regulating temperature of ovens, broilers, grills, and roasters., Season and cook food according to recipes or personal judgment and experience., Turn or stir foods to ensure even cooking., Observe and test foods to determine if they have been cooked sufficiently, using methods such as tasting, smelling, or piercing them with utensils., Portion, arrange, and garnish food, and serve food to waiters or patrons., Weigh, measure, and mix ingredients according to recipes or personal judgment, using various kitchen utensils and equipment., Bake, roast, broil, and steam meats, fish, vegetables, and other foods., Wash, peel, cut, and seed fruits and vegetables to prepare them for consumption., Coordinate and supervise work of kitchen staff., Estimate expected food consumption, requisition or purchase supplies, or procure food from storage., Substitute for or assist other cooks during emergencies or rush periods., Consult with supervisory staff to plan menus, taking into consideration factors such as costs and special event needs., Prepare relishes and hors d'oeuvres., Carve and trim meats such as beef, veal, ham, pork, and lamb for hot or cold service, or for sandwiches., Bake breads, rolls, cakes, and pastries., Butcher and dress animals, fowl, or shellfish, or cut and bone meat prior to cooking., Keep records and accounts., Plan and price menu items..  They also know about using the following technology: Web page creation and editing software, Compliance software, Inventory management software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Point of sale POS software, Materials requirements planning logistics and supply chain software. Examples include Facebook, Food safety labeling systems, Inventory management software, Menu planning software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Point of sale POS restaurant software, Recipe cost control software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Commercial use blenders, Commercial use cutlery, Commercial use broilers, Domestic knives, Commercial use microwave ovens, Commercial use convection ovens, Commercial use ovens, Commercial use food slicers, Commercial use steamers, Commercial use deep fryers, Commercial use grills, Commercial use griddles, Commercial use food grinders, Slicing machinery, Cutting machinery, Commercial use pasta cookers, Personal computers, Commercial use pizza ovens, Point of sale POS terminal, Commercial use rotisseries, Commercial use smokers or smoke ovens, Commercial use ranges. For example, Blenders, Boning knives, Charbroilers, Chefs' knives, Cimeter knives, Commercial microwave ovens, Convection ovens, Conveyor ovens, Filet knives, Food slicing machines, Food steamers, Fryers, Gas grills, Griddles, Grinders, Meat and cheese slicing machines, Meat saws, Paring knives, Pasta cookers, Personal computers, Pizza ovens, Point of sale POS computer terminals, Rotating rack ovens, Rotisserie ovens, Salamander ovens, Smoking cabinets, Utility cutlery, Wok ranges. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Information Ordering, Perceptual Speed, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Near Vision, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Realistic, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Food Production, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Coordination, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Cooks, Restaurant occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Cooks, Private Household, Nursing Assistants, Dietetic Technicians, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers, Pharmacy Technicians. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 8.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 8.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Midwives. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physician Assistants. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School. The journey culminates with Health Specialties Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Middle School. The journey culminates with Environmental Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Midwives. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physician Assistants. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School. The journey culminates with Health Specialties Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School. The journey culminates with Instructional Coordinators. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Career/Technical Education Teachers, Secondary School. The journey culminates with Environmental Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Dietetic Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Allergists and Immunologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Dermatologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Anesthesiologist Assistants. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Anesthesiologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Midwives. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physician Assistants. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Cooks, Restaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. "
