"document"
"A Bartenders is someone who Mix and serve drinks to patrons, directly or through waitstaff. . The Bartenders  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Food Preparation and Serving Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Clean glasses, utensils, and bar equipment., Collect money for drinks served., Balance cash receipts., Check identification of customers to verify age requirements for purchase of alcohol., Clean bars, work areas, and tables., Attempt to limit problems and liability related to customers' excessive drinking by taking steps such as persuading customers to stop drinking, or ordering taxis or other transportation for intoxicated patrons., Take beverage orders from serving staff or directly from patrons., Serve wine, and bottled or draft beer., Plan, organize, and control the operations of a cocktail lounge or bar., Stock bar with beer, wine, liquor, and related supplies such as ice, glassware, napkins, or straws., Serve snacks or food items to customers seated at the bar., Mix ingredients, such as liquor, soda, water, sugar, and bitters, to prepare cocktails and other drinks., Slice and pit fruit for garnishing drinks., Ask customers who become loud and obnoxious to leave, or physically remove them., Arrange bottles and glasses to make attractive displays., Create drink recipes., Supervise the work of bar staff and other bartenders., Order or requisition liquors and supplies., Plan bar menus., Prepare appetizers such as pickles, cheese, and cold meats..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Point of sale POS software, Web page creation and editing software, Electronic mail software, Internet browser software. Examples include AZZ CardFile, Compris software, Facebook, Focus point of sale POS software, Intuit QuickBooks Point of Sale, MICROS Systems HSI Profits Series, Microsoft Outlook, NCR Advanced Checkout Solution, NCR NeighborhoodPOS, Point of sale POS software, The General Store, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Commercial use strainers, Cocktail shakers or accessories, Bar code reader equipment, Non carbonated beverage dispenser, Commercial use blenders, Alcohol analyzers, Cash registers, Magnetic stripe readers and encoders, Desktop computers, Carbonated beverage dispenser, Commercial use mixers, Slush machines, Commercial use cutlery, Commercial use dishwashers, Ice shaver machines or accessories, Commercial use juicers, Domestic mist or trigger sprayers, Notebook computers, Point of sale POS receipt printers, Point of sale POS terminal, Touch screen monitors, Commercial use graters. For example, 2-prong strainers, 3-piece cocktail shakers, 4-piece cocktail shakers, 4-prong strainers, Bar spoons, Barcode scanners, Beverage machines, Blenders, Breathalyzers, Cash registers, Cocktail shakers, Cocktail strainers, Credit card processing machines, Desktop computers, Draught foam control devices, Drink mixers, Electronic beer line maintenance equipment, Frozen drink machines, Fruit knives, Glass rimmers, Glass washers, Hawthorn strainers, Ice chippers, Ice crushers, Ice flakers, Jiggers, Julep strainers, Keg-tapping equipment, Lime slicers, Lime squeezers, Linear imaging scanners, Long range charged coupled device CCD barcode scanners, Martini misters, Mixing glasses, Mojito machines, Muddlers/mixing sticks, Notebook computers, Olive stuffers, Point of sale POS printers, Point of sale POS terminals, Point of service scanners, Point of service workstations, Pour spouts, Professional juicers, Refrigerated liquid recirculation systems, Soda dispensers, Spirit measures, Touch screen monitors, Upright glass washers, Zesters. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Near Vision, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Instructing, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Bartenders occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education, Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers, Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists, Skincare Specialists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 7.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 7.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Speech-Language Pathologists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Art Therapists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Instructional Coordinators. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Art Therapists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Instructional Coordinators. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Bartenders. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
