"document"
"A Food Servers, Nonrestaurant is someone who Serve food to individuals outside of a restaurant environment, such as in hotel rooms, hospital rooms, residential care facilities, or cars. . The Food Servers, Nonrestaurant  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Food Preparation and Serving Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Place food servings on plates or trays according to orders or instructions., Clean or sterilize dishes, kitchen utensils, equipment, or facilities., Monitor food distribution, ensuring that meals are delivered to the correct recipients and that guidelines, such as those for special diets, are followed., Examine trays to ensure that they contain required items., Load trays with accessories, such as eating utensils, napkins, or condiments., Take food orders and relay orders to kitchens or serving counters so they can be filled., Monitor food preparation or serving techniques to ensure that proper procedures are followed., Remove trays and stack dishes for return to kitchen after meals are finished., Carry food, silverware, or linen on trays or use carts to carry trays., Record amounts and types of special food items served to customers., Stock service stations with items, such as ice, napkins, or straws., Prepare food items, such as sandwiches, salads, soups, or beverages., Determine where patients or patrons would like to eat their meals and help them get situated., Total checks, present them to customers, and accept payment for services..  They also know about using the following technology: Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Data base user interface and query software, Web page creation and editing software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Operating system software, Point of sale POS software. Examples include Capital Codeworks MenuMax, CBORD Nutrition Service Suite, Facebook, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Windows, Picis CareSuite, Point of sale POS software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Desktop calculator, Commercial use blenders, Carbonated beverage dispenser, Commercial use cutlery, Commercial use coffee or iced tea makers, Commercial use dishwashers, Desktop computers, Ice dispensers, Non carbonated beverage dispenser, Personal computers, Point of sale POS terminal, Commercial use food slicers, Commercial use food warmers, Commercial use toasters, Touch screen monitors. For example, 10-key calculators, Blenders, Carbonated beverage dispensers, Carving knives, Chefs' knives, Commercial coffeemakers, Commercial dishwashers, Commercial glasswashers, Desktop computers, Ice-making machines, Juice dispensers, Personal computers, Point of sale POS computer terminals, Slicing machines, Steam tables, Toasters, Touch screen monitors. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, English Language to do their job well.  Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Food Servers, Nonrestaurant occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Nursing Assistants, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers, Pharmacy Technicians, Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners, Library Technicians. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 8.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 8.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Midwives. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physician Assistants. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Allergists and Immunologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Dermatologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Anesthesiologist Assistants. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Anesthesiologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Midwives. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physician Assistants. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Food Servers, Nonrestaurant. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. "
