"document"
"A Waiters and Waitresses is someone who Take orders and serve food and beverages to patrons at tables in dining establishment. . The Waiters and Waitresses  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Food Preparation and Serving Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Take orders from patrons for food or beverages., Check with customers to ensure that they are enjoying their meals, and take action to correct any problems., Check patrons' identification to ensure that they meet minimum age requirements for consumption of alcoholic beverages., Collect payments from customers., Write patrons' food orders on order slips, memorize orders, or enter orders into computers for transmittal to kitchen staff., Prepare checks that itemize and total meal costs and sales taxes., Present menus to patrons and answer questions about menu items, making recommendations upon request., Remove dishes and glasses from tables or counters, and take them to kitchen for cleaning., Serve food or beverages to patrons, and prepare or serve specialty dishes at tables as required., Clean tables or counters after patrons have finished dining., Prepare tables for meals, including setting up items such as linens, silverware, and glassware., Explain how various menu items are prepared, describing ingredients and cooking methods., Assist host or hostess by answering phones to take reservations or to-go orders, and by greeting, seating, and thanking guests., Escort customers to their tables., Perform cleaning duties, such as sweeping and mopping floors, vacuuming carpet, tidying up server station, taking out trash, or checking and cleaning bathroom., Inform customers of daily specials., Prepare hot, cold, and mixed drinks for patrons, and chill bottles of wine., Roll silverware, set up food stations, or set up dining areas to prepare for the next shift or for large parties., Stock service areas with supplies such as coffee, food, tableware, and linens., Bring wine selections to tables with appropriate glasses, and pour the wines for customers., Fill salt, pepper, sugar, cream, condiment, and napkin containers., Describe and recommend wines to customers., Perform food preparation duties, such as preparing salads, appetizers, and cold dishes, portioning desserts, and brewing coffee., Provide guests with information about local areas, including directions., Garnish and decorate dishes in preparation for serving..  They also know about using the following technology: Instant messaging software, Point of sale POS software, Web page creation and editing software. Examples include Blink, Compris Advanced Manager's Workstation, Compris software, Facebook, Hospitality Control Solutions Aloha Point-of-Sale, Intuit QuickBooks Point of Sale, MICROS Systems HSI Profits Series, NCR Advanced Checkout Solution, NCR NeighborhoodPOS, Point of sale POS software, The General Store. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Paging controllers, Commercial use cutlery, Cash registers, Magnetic stripe readers and encoders, Personal digital assistant PDAs or organizers, Point of sale POS receipt printers, Point of sale POS terminal, Bar code reader equipment, Touch screen monitors. For example, Alphanumeric paging equipment, Carving knives, Cash registers, Credit card processing machines, Personal digital assistants PDA, Point of sale POS printers, Point of sale POS terminals, Point of service workstations, Portable bar code scanners, Touch screen monitors. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking, Social Perceptiveness, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Waiters and Waitresses occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers, Nursing Assistants, Skincare Specialists, Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors, Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 10.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 10.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Recreation Workers. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Midwives. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physician Assistants. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Nursing Assistants. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Instructional Coordinators. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Art Therapists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Speech-Language Pathologists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Art Therapists. The path begins with Waiters and Waitresses. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. "
