"document"
"A Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop is someone who Welcome patrons, seat them at tables or in lounge, and help ensure quality of facilities and service. . The Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Food Preparation and Serving Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Information, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Provide guests with menus., Assign patrons to tables suitable for their needs and according to rotation so that servers receive an appropriate number of seatings., Greet guests and seat them at tables or in waiting areas., Answer telephone calls and respond to inquiries or transfer calls., Operate cash registers to accept payments for food and beverages., Speak with patrons to ensure satisfaction with food and service, to respond to complaints, or to make conversation., Take and prepare to-go orders., Maintain contact with kitchen staff, management, serving staff, and customers to ensure that dining details are handled properly and customers' concerns are addressed., Receive and record patrons' dining reservations., Inspect dining and serving areas to ensure cleanliness and proper setup., Inform patrons of establishment specialties and features., Inspect restrooms for cleanliness and availability of supplies, and clean restrooms when necessary., Assist other restaurant workers by serving food and beverages, or by bussing tables., Supervise and coordinate activities of dining room staff to ensure that patrons receive prompt and courteous service., Hire, train, and supervise food and beverage service staff., Prepare cash receipts after establishments close, and make bank deposits., Direct patrons to coatrooms and waiting areas, such as lounges., Plan parties or other special events and services., Prepare staff work schedules., Order or requisition supplies and equipment for tables and serving stations., Perform marketing and advertising services., Confer with other staff to help plan establishments' menus..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Web page creation and editing software, Point of sale POS software, Calendar and scheduling software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Operating system software. Examples include Avenista Table Reservations, Facebook, GuestBridge Reserve, Hospitality Control Solutions Aloha Point-of-Sale, iMagic Restaurant Reservation, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Windows, OpenTable, Point of sale POS software, Reservation software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Carbonated beverage dispenser, Cash registers, Commercial use coffee or iced tea makers, Desktop computers, Pocket calculator, Ice dispensers, Non carbonated beverage dispenser, Special purpose telephones, Personal computers, Point of sale POS terminal, Touch screen monitors. For example, Carbonated beverage dispensers, Cash registers, Commercial coffeemakers, Desktop computers, Handheld calculators, Ice-making machines, Juice dispensers, Multi-line telephone systems, Personal computers, Point of sale POS computer terminals, Touch screen monitors. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Food Production, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Tour Guides and Escorts, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers, Library Technicians, Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education, Skincare Specialists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 10.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 10.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Communications Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Speech-Language Pathologists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Art Therapists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Hosts and Hostesses, Restaurant, Lounge, and Coffee Shop. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
