"document"
"A Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners is someone who Keep buildings in clean and orderly condition. Perform heavy cleaning duties, such as cleaning floors, shampooing rugs, washing walls and glass, and removing rubbish. Duties may include tending furnace and boiler, performing routine maintenance activities, notifying management of need for repairs, and cleaning snow or debris from sidewalk. . The Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Building and Grounds Cleaning and Maintenance Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Service, clean, or supply restrooms., Gather and empty trash., Clean building floors by sweeping, mopping, scrubbing, or vacuuming., Monitor building security and safety by performing tasks such as locking doors after operating hours or checking electrical appliance use to ensure that hazards are not created., Notify managers concerning the need for major repairs or additions to building operating systems., Follow procedures for the use of chemical cleaners and power equipment to prevent damage to floors and fixtures., Mix water and detergents or acids in containers to prepare cleaning solutions, according to specifications., Clean windows, glass partitions, or mirrors, using soapy water or other cleaners, sponges, or squeegees., Requisition supplies or equipment needed for cleaning and maintenance duties., Dust furniture, walls, machines, or equipment., Clean and polish furniture and fixtures., Move heavy furniture, equipment, or supplies, either manually or with hand trucks., Strip, seal, finish, and polish floors., Remove snow from sidewalks, driveways, or parking areas, using snowplows, snow blowers, or snow shovels, or spread snow-melting chemicals., Make adjustments or minor repairs to heating, cooling, ventilating, plumbing, or electrical systems., Drive vans, industrial trucks, or other vehicles required to travel to, or to perform, cleaning work., Clean and restore building interiors damaged by fire, smoke, or water, using commercial cleaning equipment., Spray insecticides or fumigants to prevent insect or rodent infestation., Set up, arrange, or remove decorations, tables, chairs, ladders, or scaffolding to prepare facilities for events, such as banquets or meetings., Clean chimneys, flues, and connecting pipes, using power or hand tools., Mow or trim lawns or shrubbery, using mowers or hand or power trimmers, and clear debris from grounds., Steam-clean or shampoo carpets., Clean laboratory equipment, such as glassware or metal instruments, using solvents, brushes, rags, or power cleaning equipment..  They also know about using the following technology: Desktop communications software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Operating system software, Cloud-based data access and sharing software. Examples include Eko, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Operating system software, Squeegee. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Manlift or personnel lift, Air compressors, Carpet cleaning equipment, Claw hammer, Power drills, Desktop computers, Dust mops, Dollies, Ladders, Floor polishers, Floor scrapers, Forklifts, Hand trucks or accessories, Hedge clippers, Vacuum cleaners, Hand sprayers, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Scaffolding, Floor scrubbers, Power grinders, Lawnmowers, Power saws, Precision file, Ear plugs, Brooms, Ratchets, Safety glasses, Protective gloves, Scissor lift or lift table, Snow blowers, Shovels, Snowplow attachments, Pressure or steam cleaners, Wet mops, Squeegees or washers. For example, Adjustable hand wrenches, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Aerial manlifts, Air compressors, Carpet shampooers, Claw hammers, Cordless drills, Desktop computers, Dry mops, Equipment dollies, Extension ladders, Floor buffers, Floor strippers, Floor waxers, Forklifts, Hand trucks, Hedge trimmers, Industrial vacuums, Insecticide sprayers, Personal computers, Phillips head screwdrivers, Portable scaffolding, Power floor scrubbers, Power grinders, Power mowers, Power saws, Precision files, Protective ear plugs, Push brooms, Ratchet wrenches, Ride-on industrial vacuum cleaners, Safety glasses, Safety gloves, Scissor lifts, Snow blowers, Snow shovels, Snowplows, Steam cleaning equipment, Step ladders, Straight screwdrivers, Wet mops, Window squeegees. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Public Safety and Security to do their job well.  Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Museum Technicians and Conservators, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Biological Technicians, Musicians and Singers, Transportation Inspectors. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 37.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 37.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. "
