"document"
"A Gambling and Sports Book Writers and Runners is someone who Post information enabling patrons to wager on various races and sporting events. Assist in the operation of games such as keno and bingo. May operate random number-generating equipment and announce the numbers for patrons. Receive, verify, and record patrons' wagers. Scan and process winning tickets presented by patrons and pay out winnings for those wagers. . The Gambling and Sports Book Writers and Runners  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Personal Care and Service Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Collect bets in the form of cash or chips, verifying and recording amounts., Collect cards or tickets from players., Compute and verify amounts won or lost, paying out winnings or referring patrons to workers, such as gaming cashiers, so that winnings can be collected., Answer questions about game rules or casino policies., Conduct gambling tables or games, such as dice, roulette, cards, or keno, and ensure that game rules are followed., Operate games in which players bet that a ball will come to rest in a particular slot on a rotating wheel, performing actions such as spinning the wheel and releasing the ball., Exchange paper currency for playing chips or coins., Compare the house hand with players' hands to determine the winner., Seat patrons at gaming tables., Open or close cash floats or game tables., Pay off or move bets as established by game rules and procedures., Start gaming equipment that randomly selects numbered balls and announce winning numbers and colors., Check to ensure that all players have placed their bets before play begins., Inspect cards or equipment to be used in games to ensure they are in proper condition., Push dice to shooters and retrieve thrown dice., Record the number of tickets cashed and the amount paid out after each race or event., Prepare collection reports for submission to supervisors., Take the house percentage from each pot., Deliver tickets, cards, and money to bingo callers., Participate in games for gambling establishments to provide the minimum complement of players at a table., Sell food, beverages, or tobacco to players., Supervise staff and games and mediate disputes..  They also know about using the following technology: Point of sale POS software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Operating system software, Word processing software, Internet browser software. Examples include Credit card processing software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Desktop calculator, Public address systems, Bar code reader equipment, Character displays, Lottery machine, Computer kiosk, Sports timer, Portable data input terminals, Cash registers, Microphones, Networked wagering games, Laser printers, Liquid crystal display LCD panels or monitors, Two way radios, Special purpose telephones, Personal computers, Point of sale POS terminal, Touch screen monitors. For example, 10-key calculators, Audio communications systems, Barcode scanners, Betting boards, Bingo blowers, Bingo consoles, Digital game pacers, Electronic bingo handsets, Electronic cash registers, Handheld microphones, Keno systems, Keno ticket printers, Liquid crystal display LCD monitors, Mobile radios, Multi-line telephone systems, Personal computers, Point of sale POS computer terminals, Random number generating equipment, Ticket printers, Touch screen computer monitors. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Near Vision, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking, Monitoring, Coordination. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Processing Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Gambling and Sports Book Writers and Runners occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: New Accounts Clerks, Library Technicians, Ophthalmic Medical Technicians, Skincare Specialists, Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
