"document"
"A Gambling Dealers is someone who Operate table games. Stand or sit behind table and operate games of chance by dispensing the appropriate number of cards or blocks to players, or operating other gambling equipment. Distribute winnings or collect players' money or chips. May compare the house's hand against players' hands. . The Gambling Dealers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Personal Care and Service Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Pay winnings or collect losing bets as established by the rules and procedures of a specific game., Greet customers and make them feel welcome., Exchange paper currency for playing chips or coin money., Check to ensure that all players have placed bets before play begins., Inspect cards and equipment to be used in games to ensure that they are in good condition., Deal cards to house hands, and compare these with players' hands to determine winners, as in black jack., Stand behind a gaming table and deal the appropriate number of cards to each player., Apply rule variations to card games such as poker, in which players bet on the value of their hands., Receive, verify, and record patrons' cash wagers., Conduct gambling games, such as dice, roulette, cards, or keno, following all applicable rules and regulations., Work as part of a team of dealers in games, such as baccarat or craps., Start and control games and gaming equipment, and announce winning numbers or colors., Compute amounts of players' wins or losses, or scan winning tickets presented by patrons to calculate the amount of money won., Open and close cash floats and game tables., Answer questions about game rules and casino policies., Refer patrons to gaming cashiers to collect winnings., Supervise staff and monitor gambling tables to ensure security of the game., Seat patrons at gaming tables., Train new dealers., Prepare collection reports for submission to supervisors., Participate in games for gambling establishments to provide the minimum complement of players at a table..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base management system software, Business intelligence and data analysis software, Electronic mail software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Cloud-based data access and sharing software. Examples include Apache Hadoop, Apache Spark, Email software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Slack. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Card tables, Desktop computers, Dice, Cash or ticket boxes, Notebook computers, Personal computers, Table gambling management systems, Playing cards, Roulette wheels, Coin banks. For example, Baccarat tables, Blackjack tables, Craps tables, Desktop computers, Dice, Imprest banks, Laptop computers, Personal computers, Player tracking system software, Playing cards, Poker tables, Progressive Gaming Chip Inventory System, Roulette wheels, Table banks, Table chip trays, Table game drop boxes, Table game management system software, Tangam Gaming TableEye21, Tangam Gaming TableEyeBacc. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Selective Attention, Finger Dexterity, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Mathematics, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking, Monitoring, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Gambling Dealers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Dancers, New Accounts Clerks, Skincare Specialists, Barbers, Library Technicians. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
