"document"
"A Baggage Porters and Bellhops is someone who Handle baggage for travelers at transportation terminals or for guests at hotels or similar establishments. . The Baggage Porters and Bellhops  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Personal Care and Service Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Receive and mark baggage by completing and attaching claim checks., Greet incoming guests and escort them to their rooms., Transport guests about premises and local areas, or arrange for transportation., Maintain clean lobbies or entrance areas for travelers or guests., Transfer luggage, trunks, and packages to and from rooms, loading areas, vehicles, or transportation terminals, by hand or using baggage carts., Supply guests or travelers with directions, travel information, and other information, such as available services and points of interest., Explain the operation of room features, such as locks, ventilation systems, and televisions., Assist physically challenged travelers and other guests with special needs., Deliver messages and room service orders, and run errands for guests., Pick up and return items for laundry and valet service., Act as part of the security team at transportation terminals, hotels, or similar establishments., Compute and complete charge slips for services rendered and maintain records., Page guests in hotel lobbies, dining rooms, or other areas., Set up conference rooms, display tables, racks, or shelves, and arrange merchandise displays for sales personnel., Inspect guests' rooms to ensure that they are adequately stocked, orderly, and comfortable., Complete baggage insurance forms., Arrange for shipments of baggage, express mail, and parcels by providing weighing and billing services..  They also know about using the following technology: Office suite software, Spreadsheet software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software. Examples include Corel WordPerfect Office Suite, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Desktop computers, Notebook computers, Pushcarts, Golf carts, Special purpose telephones, Paging controllers, Minivans or vans, Automobiles or cars, Personal computers, Two way radios. For example, Desktop computers, Laptop computers, Luggage carts, Motorized carts, Multi-line telephone systems, Paging systems, Passenger vans, Passenger vehicles, Personal computers, Two way radios. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Multilimb Coordination, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Transportation, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Baggage Porters and Bellhops occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Bailiffs, Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners, Nursing Assistants, Occupational Therapy Aides, Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
