"document"
"A Concierges is someone who Assist patrons at hotel, apartment, or office building with personal services. May take messages; arrange or give advice on transportation, business services, or entertainment; or monitor guest requests for housekeeping and maintenance. . The Concierges  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Personal Care and Service Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Provide directions to guests., Make reservations for patrons, such as for dinner, spa treatments, or golf tee times, and obtain tickets to special events., Provide information about local features, such as shopping, dining, nightlife, or recreational destinations., Make travel arrangements for sightseeing or other tours., Provide business services for guests, such as sending or receiving faxes or shipping packages., Arrange childcare services for guests., Pick up and deliver items or run errands for guests., Order flowers for guests., Carry out unusual requests, such as searching for hard-to-find items or arranging for exotic services, such as hot-air balloon rides., Receive, store, or deliver luggage or mail., Plan special events, parties, or meetings, which may include booking musicians or celebrities., Perform office duties on a temporary basis when needed., Arrange for interpreters or translators when patrons require such services., Arrange for the replacement of items lost by travelers., Provide food and beverage services to guests., Clean and tidy hotel lounge..  They also know about using the following technology: Accounting software, Financial analysis software, Map creation software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Desktop publishing software, Word processing software, Internet browser software, Calendar and scheduling software, Data base user interface and query software. Examples include Billing software, Budgeting software, Delphi Technology, Mapping software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Publisher, Microsoft Word, Web browser software, Work scheduling software, Yardi software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Laser printers, Photocopiers, Desktop computers, Notebook computers, Laser fax machine, Two way radios, Special purpose telephones, Mobile phones, Tablet computers. For example, Computer laser printers, Copy machines, Desktop computers, Laptop computers, Laser facsimile machines, Mobile radios, Multiline telephone systems, Smart phones, Tablet computers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Administrative, Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Performing Administrative Activities. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Concierges occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Talent Directors, Rehabilitation Counselors, Social and Human Service Assistants, Music Directors and Composers, Human Resources Specialists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 10.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 10.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Talent Directors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Talent Directors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Talent Directors. The journey culminates with Clergy. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Talent Directors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Talent Directors. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Rehabilitation Counselors. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Rehabilitation Counselors. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Rehabilitation Counselors. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Rehabilitation Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Rehabilitation Counselors. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Music Directors and Composers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Music Directors and Composers. The journey culminates with Art, Drama, and Music Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Music Directors and Composers. The journey culminates with Curators. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Music Directors and Composers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Music Directors and Composers. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Human Resources Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Human Resources Specialists. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Human Resources Specialists. The journey culminates with Lawyers. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Human Resources Specialists. The journey culminates with Education Administrators, Postsecondary. The path begins with Concierges. Next, you move to Human Resources Specialists. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. "
