"document"
"A Tour Guides and Escorts is someone who Escort individuals or groups on sightseeing tours or through places of interest, such as industrial establishments, public buildings, and art galleries. . The Tour Guides and Escorts  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Personal Care and Service Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation.  People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Describe tour points of interest to group members, and respond to questions., Escort individuals or groups on cruises, sightseeing tours, or through places of interest, such as industrial establishments, public buildings, or art galleries., Monitor visitors' activities to ensure compliance with establishment or tour regulations and safety practices., Conduct educational activities for school children., Research various topics, including site history, environmental conditions, and clients' skills and abilities to plan appropriate expeditions, instruction, and commentary., Provide directions and other pertinent information to visitors., Select travel routes and sites to be visited based on knowledge of specific areas., Provide for physical safety of groups, performing such activities as providing first aid or directing emergency evacuations., Assemble and check the required supplies and equipment prior to departure., Greet and register visitors, and issue any required identification badges or safety devices., Distribute brochures, show audiovisual presentations, and explain establishment processes and operations at tour sites., Drive motor vehicles to transport visitors to establishments and tour site locations., Train other guides and volunteers., Provide information about wildlife varieties and habitats, as well as any relevant regulations, such as those pertaining to hunting and fishing., Teach skills, such as proper climbing methods, and demonstrate and advise on the use of equipment., Collect fees and tickets from group members., Perform clerical duties, such as filing, typing, operating switchboards, or routing mail and messages., Solicit tour patronage and sell souvenirs., Speak foreign languages to communicate with foreign visitors..  They also know about using the following technology: Graphics or photo imaging software, Internet browser software, Customer relationship management CRM software, Electronic mail software, Web page creation and editing software, Mobile location based services software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Computer based training software, Video conferencing software. Examples include Adobe Photoshop, Apple Safari, Centaur Systems Centaur Travel Business Management System TBMS, Email software, Facebook, Global positioning system GPS software, IBS Software Services Tour Partner, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Padlet, Pear Deck, RBS GoTour Online, SmugMug Flickr, Softrip Travel Software System, TourTech Systems TourTools, Word processing software, Zoom. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Electronic charts or maps or atlases, Mobile phones, Desktop computers, Mobile medical services first aid kits, Laser fax machine, Microphones, Personal digital assistant PDAs or organizers, Passenger or automobile ferries, Busses, Touring bicycles. For example, ActiveMap Tour Guide software, Cell phones, Desktop computers, First aid kits, Laser facsimile machines, Microphones, Personal digital assistants PDA, Tour boats, Tour buses, Touring bicycles. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Artistic, Social, Enterprising. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Geography, Education and Training, English Language, History and Archeology to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Tour Guides and Escorts occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors, Musicians and Singers, Museum Technicians and Conservators, News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists, Interpreters and Translators. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 17.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 17.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Communications Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. "
