"document"
"A Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors is someone who Instruct or coach groups or individuals in exercise activities for the primary purpose of personal fitness. Demonstrate techniques and form, observe participants, and explain to them corrective measures necessary to improve their skills. Develop and implement individualized approaches to exercise. . The Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Personal Care and Service Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Observe participants and inform them of corrective measures necessary for skill improvement., Evaluate individuals' abilities, needs, and physical conditions, and develop suitable training programs to meet any special requirements., Plan routines, choose appropriate music, and choose different movements for each set of muscles, depending on participants' capabilities and limitations., Offer alternatives during classes to accommodate different levels of fitness., Teach proper breathing techniques used during physical exertion., Monitor participants' progress and adapt programs as needed., Explain and enforce safety rules and regulations governing sports, recreational activities, and the use of exercise equipment., Instruct participants in maintaining exertion levels to maximize benefits from exercise routines., Teach and demonstrate use of gymnastic and training equipment, such as trampolines and weights., Administer emergency first aid, wrap injuries, treat minor chronic disabilities, or refer injured persons to physicians., Provide students with information and resources regarding nutrition, weight control, and lifestyle issues., Maintain equipment inventories, and select, store, or issue equipment as needed., Maintain fitness equipment., Plan physical education programs to promote development of participants' physical attributes and social skills., Conduct therapeutic, recreational, or athletic activities., Organize, lead, and referee indoor and outdoor games, such as volleyball, baseball, and basketball., Teach individual and team sports to participants through instruction and demonstration, using knowledge of sports techniques and of participants' physical capabilities., Promote health clubs through membership sales, and record member information., Advise clients about proper clothing and shoes., Advise participants in use of heat or ultraviolet treatments and hot baths., Massage body parts to relieve soreness, strains, and bruises., Organize and conduct competitions and tournaments..  They also know about using the following technology: Calendar and scheduling software, Data base user interface and query software, Project management software, Medical software, Instant messaging software, Electronic mail software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Accounting software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Desktop publishing software, Internet browser software. Examples include Appointment scheduling software, BioEx Systems Exercise Expert, BioEx Systems Fitness Maker, BioEx Systems Nutrition Maker Plus, Blink, DaySmart Software Appointment-Plus, DietMaster Systems DietMaster, Email software, EZFacility Trainer Management System, ICTraining, Intuit QuickBooks, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, MYOB BusinessEssentials, Online River Software Personal Trainer Pro, Sage 50 Accounting, Sage Simply Accounting, Visual Health Information The Trainer's Exercise Toolbox, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Mobile medical services automated external defibrillators AED or hard paddles, Balance beams or boards or bolsters or rockers for rehabilitation or therapy, Skinfold calipers, Cross trainers, Mobile medical services first aid kits, Resistance bands, Step aerobic equipment, Resistance tubes, Fitness weights, Exercise trampolines, Jump ropes, Notebook computers, Lower body resistance machines, Mercury blood pressure units, Medical tape measures, Exercise balls, Microphones, MP3 players or recorders, Portable stereo systems, Pedometers, Personal computers, Personal digital assistant PDAs or organizers, Treadmills, Pilates machines, Rowing machines, Stair climbers, Stationary bicycles, Upper body resistance machines. For example, Automated external defibrillators AED, Balance boards, Balance disks, Body fat measurement calipers, Elliptical trainers, Emergency first aid equipment, Exercise bands, Exercise steps, Exercise tubing, Fitness jog belts, Fitness trampolines, Free weights, Jump ropes, Laptop computers, Lower body weight machines, Manual blood pressure cuffs, Medical tape measures, Medicine balls, Microphones, MP3 players, Multi-speaker stereo systems, Pedometers, Personal computers, Personal digital assistants PDA, Physical conditioning treadmill exercisers, Pilates training equipment, Rowing machines, Stair climbers, Stationary exercise bicycles, Upper body weight machines, Water ankle weights, Weighted exercise balls, Weighted swim vests. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Selective Attention, Static Strength, Dynamic Strength, Trunk Strength, Stamina, Extent Flexibility, Dynamic Flexibility, Gross Body Coordination, Gross Body Equilibrium, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Psychology, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Learning Strategies, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Instructing, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Selling or Influencing Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Exercise Physiologists, Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors, Fitness and Wellness Coordinators, Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education, Recreational Therapists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 14.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 14.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Instructional Coordinators. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Art Therapists. The path begins with Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. According to ONET survey research, 57% feel this occupation requires a Post-Secondary Certificate - awarded for training completed after high school (for example, in agriculture or natural resources, computer services, personal or culinary services, engineering technologies, healthcare, construction trades, mechanic and repair technologies, or precision production) Educational programs associated with this occupation tend to graduate people with the following degrees: Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs), Associate's degree, Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), Bachelor's degree, Postbaccalaureate certificate, Master’s degree, Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs). Among black students completing instructional programs related to this occupation, 10% received a Associate's degree, 6% received a Bachelor's degree, 4% received a Master’s degree, 0% received a Postbaccalaureate certificate, 0% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs), 8% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), 8% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs). The following schools granted the most credentials aligned with the educational requirements related to this occupation: Arizona Western College, Glendale Community College, Mesa Community College, Pima Community College, Scottsdale Community College, South Mountain Community College, Yavapai College, American River College, Antelope Valley Community College District, Bryan University, Cabrillo College, Canada College, College of the Canyons, Cerritos College, Chabot College, Milan Institute-Visalia, Contra Costa College, Cuesta College, College of the Desert, Diablo Valley College, Feather River Community College District, Foothill College, Fullerton College, Gavilan College, Irvine Valley College, Laney College, Southern California University of Health Sciences, Merritt College, MiraCosta College, Mission College, Monterey Peninsula College, Moorpark College, Ohlone College, Orange Coast College, Palomar College, Pasadena City College, Santa Ana College, Rio Hondo College, Riverside City College, Sacramento City College, Saddleback College, San Diego City College, San Diego Mesa College, San Diego Miramar College, San Joaquin Delta College, College of San Mateo, Santa Rosa Junior College, Sierra College, Solano Community College, Southwestern College, West Valley College, Colorado Mesa University, Morgan Community College, Naropa University, Dawn Career Institute LLC, Manatee Technical College, Atlanta School of Massage, Augusta Technical College, West Georgia Technical College, Columbus Technical College, Ivy Tech Community College, Indiana University-Purdue University-Indianapolis, North Iowa Area Community College, Western Iowa Tech Community College, Cecil College, Frederick Community College, Mount Wachusett Community College, Delta College, Lansing Community College, Schoolcraft Community College District, Alexandria Technical & Community College, Anoka-Ramsey Community College, Dakota County Technical College, Northland Community and Technical College, Minnesota North College - Rainy River, Rochester Community and Technical College, Saint Paul College, Pinnacle Career Institute, Flathead Valley Community College, Fort Peck Community College, Truckee Meadows Community College, Central New Mexico Community College, Clovis Community College, Hudson Valley Community College, Monroe Community College, Niagara County Community College, SUNY Westchester Community College, Miller-Motte College-Wilmington, Turtle Mountain Community College, Cincinnati State Technical and Community College, O C Collins Career Center, James A. Rhodes State College, Lorain County Community College, Marion Technical College, Owens Community College, Lane Community College, Mt Hood Community College, Rogue Community College, Community College of Beaver County, Trident Technical College, York Technical College, Hussian College-Daymar College Nashville, Austin Community College District, Broadview College, Bellevue College, Lower Columbia College, Madison Area Technical College, Moraine Park Technical College, Casper College, Laramie County Community College, Northern Wyoming Community College District, Huertas College, Athens Technical College, Moore Norman Technology Center, Southern Union State Community College, Paradise Valley Community College, Chandler-Gilbert Community College, The College of Health Care Professions-Northwest, South Texas College, Motoring Technical Training Institute, Ocean County Vocational-Technical School, Linfield University-Online and Continuing Education, The College of Health Care Professions-Austin, Atenas College, Milan Institute-Amarillo, Miller-Motte College-Charleston, Milan Institute-Palm Desert, Southwest Institute of Healing Arts, InterCoast Colleges-Riverside, California Healing Arts College, Folsom Lake College, Milan Institute-Clovis, Lexington Healing Arts Academy, Milan Institute-Bakersfield, Milan Institute-Boise, Miller-Motte College-Jacksonville, Miller-Motte College-Augusta, Miller-Motte College-Conway, Southern California Health Institute, Miller-Motte College-Macon, The College of Health Care Professions-Fort Worth, Focus Personal Training Institute, National Personal Training Institute, National Personal Training Institute-Tampa, American Fitness and Nutrition Academy"
