"document"
"A Counter and Rental Clerks is someone who Receive orders, generally in person, for repairs, rentals, and services. May describe available options, compute cost, and accept payment. . The Counter and Rental Clerks  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Sales and Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Compute charges for merchandise or services and receive payments., Receive orders for services, such as rentals, repairs, dry cleaning, and storage., Explain rental fees, policies, and procedures., Provide information about rental items, such as availability, operation, or description., Advise customers on use and care of merchandise., Greet customers and discuss the type, quality, and quantity of merchandise sought for rental., Answer telephones to provide information and receive orders., Inspect and adjust rental items to meet needs of customer., Prepare rental forms, obtaining customer signature and other information, such as required licenses., Rent items, arrange for provision of services to customers, and accept returns., Keep records of transactions and of the number of customers entering an establishment., Receive, examine, and tag articles to be altered, cleaned, stored, or repaired., Reserve items for requested times and keep records of items rented., Prepare merchandise for display or for purchase or rental., Recommend and provide advice on a wide variety of products and services., Allocate equipment to participants in sporting events or recreational activities..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Point of sale POS software. Examples include Database software, Inventory management systems, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Oracle Database, Point of sale POS software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Still cameras, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Bar code reader equipment, Cash registers, Magnetic stripe readers and encoders, Delivery trucks, Desktop computers, Digital cameras, Hand trucks or accessories, Nut drivers, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Security cameras, Wire cutters, Stripping tools. For example, 35 millimeter cameras, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Barcode scanners, Cash registers, Credit card processing machines, Delivery trucks, Desktop computers, Digital cameras, Handtrucks, Nut drivers, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Surveillance cameras, Wire cutters, Wire strippers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Information Ordering, Selective Attention, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Administrative, Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Handling and Moving Objects, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Counter and Rental Clerks occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Library Technicians, New Accounts Clerks, Pharmacy Technicians, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers, Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Lawyers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Allergists and Immunologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Dermatologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Anesthesiologist Assistants. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Anesthesiologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Midwives. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physician Assistants. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Analysts. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Analysts. The journey culminates with Economists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Analysts. The journey culminates with Statisticians. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Analysts. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Analysts. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Budget Analysts. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Budget Analysts. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Budget Analysts. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Budget Analysts. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Budget Analysts. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Biostatisticians. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Statisticians. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Operations Research Analysts. The path begins with Counter and Rental Clerks. Next, you move to Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. "
