"document"
"A Retail Salespersons is someone who Sell merchandise, such as furniture, motor vehicles, appliances, or apparel to consumers. . The Retail Salespersons  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Sales and Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Greet customers and ascertain what each customer wants or needs., Recommend, select, and help locate or obtain merchandise based on customer needs and desires., Compute sales prices, total purchases, and receive and process cash or credit payment., Prepare merchandise for purchase or rental., Answer questions regarding the store and its merchandise., Maintain knowledge of current sales and promotions, policies regarding payment and exchanges, and security practices., Demonstrate use or operation of merchandise., Describe merchandise and explain use, operation, and care of merchandise to customers., Ticket, arrange, and display merchandise to promote sales., Inventory stock and requisition new stock., Exchange merchandise for customers and accept returns., Watch for and recognize security risks and thefts and know how to prevent or handle these situations., Place special orders or call other stores to find desired items., Clean shelves, counters, and tables., Maintain records related to sales., Open and close cash registers, performing tasks such as counting money, separating charge slips, coupons, and vouchers, balancing cash drawers, and making deposits., Prepare sales slips or sales contracts., Estimate and quote trade-in allowances., Bag or package purchases and wrap gifts., Help customers try on or fit merchandise., Sell or arrange for delivery, insurance, financing, or service contracts for merchandise., Estimate quantity and cost of merchandise required, such as paint or floor covering., Rent merchandise to customers., Estimate cost of repair or alteration of merchandise..  They also know about using the following technology: Document management software, Graphics or photo imaging software, Desktop publishing software, Point of sale POS software, Operating system software, Computer aided design CAD software, Instant messaging software, Data base user interface and query software, Development environment software, Human resources software, Web page creation and editing software, Word processing software, Cloud-based data access and sharing software, Video conferencing software, Electronic mail software, Internet browser software, Accounting software, Inventory management software, Customer relationship management CRM software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Video creation and editing software. Examples include Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Creative Cloud software, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, Advanced Retail Management Systems Retail Pro, American Precision Instruments Regit, Apple macOS, ASI Point of Sale, Attitude POS itive AccuPOS Retail, Autodesk AutoCAD, Bibase 4POS Retail, Blink, CAP Automation SellWise, Comcash ERP, CompuTant CounterPoint, CyberMatrix, Data entry software, Database software, Datasym SYMFINITE, Eclipse IDE, Exact business software, EZ Software Solutions, Facebook, FileMaker Pro, Gift registry software, Google Docs, Google Drive, Google Meet, GroupMe, Handheld computer device software, IBM Notes, Infocorp Computer Solutions $mart System, Infocorp Softwear/POS, Internet browser software, Intuit QuickBooks, Inventory management systems, iQmetrix RQ4 Retail Management System, LinkedIn, LOB RetailPoint, Logisoft Positive Pos System, ManageMore Cellular Manager, Master Merchant Systems Music Store, MicroBiz, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Millennium Software Atrex, Oracle PeopleSoft, Plexis Software Plexis POS, Point of sale POS bookstore software, Point of sale POS parts and services software, Point of sale POS software, RiscStation POSSum, Sage 50 Accounting, Sage 50 Accounting Software, Salesforce software, SAP software, SBS Keystroke, Semicron Systems, SmugMug Flickr, Social media sites, Softpedia ShopInvo, System3 POS software, The General Store, The Retail Solution, TokenWorks Magnetic Card Reader, True North Computer Retail Plus, VeriFone PC Charge Pro, Vigilant, Visual Retail Plus, WinMan SureSell, YouTube. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Bar code reader equipment, Cash registers, Domestic clothing irons, Garment steamer, Magnetic stripe readers and encoders, Desktop computers, Electronic funds transfer point of sale equipment, Fluid regulators, Hammers, Pocket calculator, Ladders, Ticket dispensing machines, Personal computers, Point of sale POS terminal, Label dispensers, Screwdrivers, Domestic sewing machines, Tape measures, Point of sale payment terminal. For example, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Barcode scanners, Cash registers, Clothing irons, Clothing steamers, Computerized cash registers, Credit card processing machines, Desktop computers, Electronic funds transfer EFT terminals, Gas consoles, Hammers, Handheld calculators, Ladders, Lottery machines, Magnetic card readers, Personal computers, Point of sale POS computer terminals, Price guns, Screwdrivers, Sewing machines, Tape measures, Telecheck processing terminals. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Mathematics, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Negotiation, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Retail Salespersons occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: New Accounts Clerks, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers, Library Technicians, Concierges, Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Lawyers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Talent Directors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Talent Directors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Talent Directors. The journey culminates with Clergy. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Talent Directors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Talent Directors. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Rehabilitation Counselors. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Rehabilitation Counselors. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Rehabilitation Counselors. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Rehabilitation Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Rehabilitation Counselors. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Music Directors and Composers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Music Directors and Composers. The journey culminates with Art, Drama, and Music Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Music Directors and Composers. The journey culminates with Curators. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Music Directors and Composers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Music Directors and Composers. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Human Resources Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Human Resources Specialists. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Human Resources Specialists. The journey culminates with Lawyers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Human Resources Specialists. The journey culminates with Education Administrators, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Concierges. Next, you move to Human Resources Specialists. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Instructional Coordinators. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Retail Salespersons. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. "
