"document"
"A Gambling Change Persons and Booth Cashiers is someone who Exchange coins, tokens, and chips for patrons' money. May issue payoffs and obtain customer's signature on receipt. May operate a booth in the slot machine area and furnish change persons with money bank at the start of the shift, or count and audit money in drawers. . The Gambling Change Persons and Booth Cashiers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Sales and Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Keep accurate records of monetary exchanges, authorization forms, and transaction reconciliations., Exchange money, credit, tickets, or casino chips and make change for customers., Count money and audit money drawers., Check identifications to verify age of players., Maintain cage security according to rules., Reconcile daily summaries of transactions to balance books., Obtain customers' signatures on receipts when winnings exceed the amount held in a slot machine., Calculate the value of chips won or lost by players., Work in and monitor an assigned area on the casino floor where slot machines are located., Accept credit applications and verify credit references to provide check-cashing authorization or to establish house credit accounts., Furnish change persons with a money bank at the start of each shift., Listen for jackpot alarm bells and issue payoffs to winners., Sell gambling chips, tokens, or tickets to patrons, or to other workers for resale to patrons., Perform minor repairs on slot machines, such as clearing coin jams., Clean casino areas..  They also know about using the following technology: Spreadsheet software, Word processing software. Examples include Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word, Spreadsheet software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Desktop calculator, Sorters, Coin wrapper machines, Money counting machines, Coin sorters, Desktop computers, Personal computers, Two way radios. For example, 10-key calculators, Automatic coin sorters, Automatic coin wrappers, Coin counting machines, Coin sorting setups, Desktop computers, Personal computers, Two way radios. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Information Ordering, Number Facility, Perceptual Speed, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Gambling Change Persons and Booth Cashiers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Ophthalmic Medical Technicians, Pharmacy Technicians, Library Technicians, New Accounts Clerks, Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
