"document"
"A Cashiers is someone who Receive and disburse money in establishments other than financial institutions. May use electronic scanners, cash registers, or related equipment. May process credit or debit card transactions and validate checks. . The Cashiers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Sales and Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Receive payment by cash, check, credit cards, vouchers, or automatic debits., Answer customers' questions, and provide information on procedures or policies., Help customers find the location of products., Issue receipts, refunds, credits, or change due to customers., Greet customers entering establishments., Supervise others and provide on-the-job training., Assist customers by providing information and resolving their complaints., Maintain clean and orderly checkout areas, and complete other general cleaning duties, such as mopping floors and emptying trash cans., Establish or identify prices of goods, services, or admission, and tabulate bills, using calculators, cash registers, or optical price scanners., Answer incoming phone calls., Bag, box, wrap, or gift-wrap merchandise, and prepare packages for shipment., Assist with duties in other areas of the store, such as monitoring fitting rooms or bagging and carrying out customers' items., Stock shelves, sort and reshelve returned items, and mark prices on items and shelves., Offer customers carry-out service at the completion of transactions., Count money in cash drawers at the beginning of shifts to ensure that amounts are correct and that there is adequate change., Calculate total payments received during a time period, and reconcile this with total sales., Keep periodic balance sheets of amounts and numbers of transactions., Compute and record totals of transactions., Monitor checkout stations to ensure they have adequate cash available and are staffed appropriately., Sort, count, and wrap currency and coins., Weigh items sold by weight to determine prices., Issue trading stamps, and redeem food stamps and coupons., Pay company bills by cash, vouchers, or checks., Post charges against guests' or patients' accounts., Request information or assistance, using paging systems., Process merchandise returns and exchanges., Cash checks for customers., Sell tickets and other items to customers., Compile and maintain non-monetary reports and records..  They also know about using the following technology: Accounting software, Point of sale POS software, Data base user interface and query software, Medical software, Operating system software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software. Examples include Accounting software, AFEXDirect, Bookkeeping software, Database software, Electronic medical record EMR software, Handheld computer device software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Windows, Point of sale POS software, ReliaSoft Prism. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Desktop calculator, Belt conveyors, Packaging compactors, Cash registers, Magnetic stripe readers and encoders, Desktop computers, Commercial use scales, Electronic funds transfer point of sale equipment, Fluid regulators, Bar code reader equipment, Notebook computers, Laser printers, Ticket dispensing machines, Personal computers, Security cameras. For example, 10-key calculators, Belt conveyors, Cardboard balers, Cash registers, Credit card readers, Desktop computers, Electronic cash registers, Electronic food scales, Electronic funds transfer EFT terminals, Food scales, Gas pump controllers, Handheld bar code scanners, Laptop computers, Laser printers, Lottery ticket machines, Money order machines, Personal computers, Stationary bar code scanners, Surveillance cameras, Ticket dispensing machines, Trash compactors. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Selling or Influencing Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Cashiers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: New Accounts Clerks, Library Technicians, Ophthalmic Medical Technicians, Skincare Specialists, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 9.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 9.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Lawyers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Anesthesiologist Assistants. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Ophthalmic Medical Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Anesthesiologists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Skincare Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cashiers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
