"document"
"A Travel Agents is someone who Plan and sell transportation and accommodations for customers. Determine destination, modes of transportation, travel dates, costs, and accommodations required. May also describe, plan, and arrange itineraries and sell tour packages. May assist in resolving clients' travel problems. . The Travel Agents  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Sales and Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Collect payment for transportation and accommodations from customer., Plan, describe, arrange, and sell itinerary tour packages and promotional travel incentives offered by various travel carriers., Converse with customer to determine destination, mode of transportation, travel dates, financial considerations, and accommodations required., Compute cost of travel and accommodations, using calculator, computer, carrier tariff books, and hotel rate books, or quote package tour's costs., Record and maintain information on clients, vendors, and travel packages., Book transportation and hotel reservations, using computer or telephone., Print or request transportation carrier tickets, using computer printer system or system link to travel carrier., Provide customer with brochures and publications containing travel information, such as local customs, points of interest, or foreign country regulations..  They also know about using the following technology: Calendar and scheduling software, Customer relationship management CRM software, Business intelligence and data analysis software, Data base user interface and query software, Accounting software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Video conferencing software. Examples include Apollo Reservation System, Colibripms Software Colibri, DataSwell, Galor Travel Booster, Global distribution system GDS software, Globekey Agentkey, Illusions Online Illusions OnDemand, IMS Travel Agent Reservation Software System, Intuit QuickBooks, MGHworld Travel Agents, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Orbitz Worldwide Orbitz for Agents, Rezdy booking software, Rezgo online booking software, Rezopia, Sabre Airline Solutions SabreSonic Customer Sales & Service, Sabre Central Command, SAP Concur, TourCMS, TourWriter, Travel Agent CMS, TravelCarma, Travii reservation system software, Zoom. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Point of sale payment terminal, Inkjet printers, Laser printers, Photocopiers, Laser fax machine, Special purpose telephones, Personal computers, Printer calculator, Public address systems, Ticket dispensing machines. For example, Card readers, Computer inkjet printers, Computer laser printers, Copy machines, Laser facsimile machines, Multiline telephone systems, Personal computers, Printing calculators, Public address systems, Ticket printing machines. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Administrative, Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Geography, English Language, Telecommunications, Communications and Media to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Negotiation, Service Orientation, Judgment and Decision Making. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Performing Administrative Activities. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Travel Agents occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents, Online Merchants, Insurance Underwriters, Insurance Sales Agents, Credit Counselors. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 8.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 8.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
