"document"
"A Demonstrators and Product Promoters is someone who Demonstrate merchandise and answer questions for the purpose of creating public interest in buying the product. May sell demonstrated merchandise. . The Demonstrators and Product Promoters  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Sales and Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Provide product samples, coupons, informational brochures, or other incentives to persuade people to buy products., Sell products being promoted and keep records of sales., Keep areas neat while working and return items to correct locations following demonstrations., Demonstrate or explain products, methods, or services to persuade customers to purchase products or use services., Record and report demonstration-related information, such as the number of questions asked by the audience or the number of coupons distributed., Suggest specific product purchases to meet customers' needs., Research or investigate products to be presented to prepare for demonstrations., Set up and arrange displays or demonstration areas to attract the attention of prospective customers., Identify interested and qualified customers to provide them with additional information., Visit trade shows, stores, community organizations, or other venues to demonstrate products or services or to answer questions from potential customers., Transport, assemble, and disassemble materials used in presentations., Practice demonstrations to ensure that they will run smoothly., Learn about competitors' products or consumers' interests or concerns to answer questions or provide more complete information., Instruct customers in alteration of products., Work as part of a team of demonstrators to accommodate large crowds., Prepare or alter presentation contents to target specific audiences., Stock shelves with products., Provide product information, using lectures, films, charts, or slide shows., Train demonstrators to present a company's products or services., Recommend product or service improvements to employers., Contact businesses or civic establishments to arrange to exhibit and sell merchandise., Write articles or pamphlets about products., Wear costumes or sign boards and walk in public to promote merchandise, services, or events., Develop lists of prospective clients from sources such as newspaper items, company records, local merchants, or customers..  They also know about using the following technology: Desktop communications software, Electronic mail software, Web platform development software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Operating system software, Word processing software, Web page creation and editing software, Internet browser software, Video conferencing software. Examples include Eko, Email software, Hypertext markup language HTML, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Presentation software, Social media sites, Spreadsheet software, Web browser software, Word processing software, Zoom. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Bar code reader equipment, Desktop computers, Digital cameras, Domestic coffee makers, Domestic electric skillets, Domestic toaster ovens, Cappuccino or espresso machines, Pocket calculator, Personal computers. For example, Barcode scanners, Desktop computers, Digital cameras, Domestic coffee makers, Domestic electric skillets, Domestic toaster ovens, Espresso makers, Handheld calculators, Personal computers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Near Vision, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Artistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation. They also value Recognition, Relationships, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Food Production, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Selling or Influencing Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Demonstrators and Product Promoters occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers, Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists, Cooks, Private Household, Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Instructional Coordinators. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Art Therapists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Instructional Coordinators. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Elementary School Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Speech-Language Pathologists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health and Substance Abuse Social Workers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Mental Health Counselors. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Social and Human Service Assistants. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Art Therapists. The path begins with Demonstrators and Product Promoters. Next, you move to Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. "
