"document"
"A Telemarketers is someone who Solicit donations or orders for goods or services over the telephone. . The Telemarketers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Sales and Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Contact businesses or private individuals by telephone to solicit sales for goods or services, or to request donations for charitable causes., Obtain customer information such as name, address, and payment method, and enter orders into computers., Explain products or services and prices, and answer questions from customers., Record names, addresses, purchases, and reactions of prospects contacted., Maintain records of contacts, accounts, and orders., Answer telephone calls from potential customers who have been solicited through advertisements., Deliver prepared sales talks, reading from scripts that describe products or services, to persuade potential customers to purchase a product or service or to make a donation., Telephone or write letters to respond to correspondence from customers or to follow up initial sales contacts., Adjust sales scripts to better target the needs and interests of specific individuals., Obtain names and telephone numbers of potential customers from sources such as telephone directories, magazine reply cards, and lists purchased from other organizations., Schedule appointments for sales representatives to meet with prospective customers or for customers to attend sales presentations., Conduct client or market surveys to obtain information about potential customers..  They also know about using the following technology: Helpdesk or call center software, Customer relationship management CRM software, Interactive voice response software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Access software, Video conferencing software. Examples include Acarda Sales Technologies Acarda Outbound, Automatic call distribution software, Customer relationship management CRM software, Database Systems Corp Telemation, Interactive voice response software, Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Remote access call center software, Softphone software, Zoom. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Autodialers, Conversation recording units, Special purpose telephones, Personal computers, Phone headsets. For example, Autodialing equipment, Call recording systems, Multiline telephone systems, Personal computers, Predictive dialers, Telephone headsets, Wireless telephone headsets. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Social Perceptiveness, Persuasion, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Telemarketers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Travel Agents, New Accounts Clerks, Tax Preparers, Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks, Tax Examiners and Collectors, and Revenue Agents. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
