"document"
"A Models is someone who Model garments or other apparel and accessories for prospective buyers at fashion shows, private showings, or retail establishments. May pose for photos to be used in magazines or advertisements. May pose as subject for paintings, sculptures, and other types of artistic expression. . The Models  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Sales and Related Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Pose for artists and photographers., Record rates of pay and durations of jobs on vouchers., Gather information from agents concerning the pay, dates, times, provisions, and lengths of jobs., Report job completions to agencies and obtain information about future appointments., Assemble and maintain portfolios, print composite cards, and travel to go-sees to obtain jobs., Pose as directed, or strike suitable interpretive poses for promoting and selling merchandise or fashions during appearances, filming, or photo sessions., Promote products and services in television commercials, on film, or in videos., Make many quick changes backstage during fashion shows and yet maintain poised appearance before audiences., Follow strict routines of diet, sleep, and exercise to maintain appearance., Apply makeup to face and style hair to enhance appearance, considering such factors as color, camera techniques, and facial features., Work closely with photographers, fashion coordinators, directors, producers, stylists, make-up artists, other models, and clients to produce the desired looks, and to finish photo shoots on schedule., Wear character costumes and impersonate characters portrayed to amuse children and adults., Stand, turn, and walk to demonstrate features of garments for observers at fashion shows, private showings, and retail establishments., Dress in sample or completed garments, and select accessories..  They also know about using the following technology: Graphics or photo imaging software, Operating system software, Internet browser software, Computer aided design CAD software, Web page creation and editing software, Instant messaging software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Video creation and editing software. Examples include Adobe Photoshop, Apple iOS, Apple Safari, Autodesk AutoCAD, Autodesk Maya, Computer aided design and drafting CADD software, Facebook, Instagram, LinkedIn, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Trimble SketchUp Pro, Tumblr, Twitter, Web browser software, YouTube. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Air brushes, Domestic hair dryers, Makeup kits, Hair or curling iron, Hair combs or brushes, Tweezers, Hair care supplies, Manual pencil sharpener, Personal computers, Mobile phones, Tablet computers. For example, Airbrushing tools, Blow dryers, Blurring brushes, Blush brushes, Bronzer brushes, Buffer brushes, Concealer brushes, Crease brushes, Curling irons, Eye shadow brushes, Eye sweep brushes, Eyebrow brushes, Eyebrow combs, Eyebrow tweezers, Eyelash curlers, Eyeliner brushes, Fan brushes, Foundation brushes, Hair clips, Hair combs, Hair straighteners, Kabuki brushes, Lip brushes, Makeup pencil sharpeners, Personal computers, Powder brushes, Smartphones, Stipple brushes, Tablet computers, Teaser hairbrushes.  People would describe them as Realistic, Artistic, Enterprising. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Persistence, Cooperation, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence. They also value Recognition, Relationshipsin the workplace.   Their average day consists of the following activities Thinking Creatively, Performing General Physical Activities, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Models occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Dancers, Tour Guides and Escorts, Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners, Barbers, Skincare Specialists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
