"document"
"A Telephone Operators is someone who Provide information by accessing alphabetical, geographical, or other directories. Assist customers with special billing requests, such as charges to a third party and credits or refunds for incorrectly dialed numbers or bad connections. May handle emergency calls and assist children or people with physical disabilities to make telephone calls. . The Telephone Operators  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Office and Administrative Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Information, Finance and Insurance, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Listen to customer requests, referring to alphabetical or geographical directories to answer questions and provide telephone information., Suggest and check alternate spellings, locations, or listing formats to customers lacking details or complete information., Offer special assistance to persons such as those who are unable to dial or who are in emergency situations., Observe signal lights on switchboards, and dial or press buttons to make connections., Operate telephone switchboards and systems to advance and complete connections, including those for local, long distance, pay telephone, mobile, person-to-person, and emergency calls., Provide assistance for customers with special billing requests., Calculate and quote charges for services such as long-distance connections., Monitor automated systems for placing collect calls and intervene for a callers needing assistance., Perform clerical duties such as typing, proofreading, and sorting mail., Consult charts to determine charges for pay-telephone calls, requesting coin deposits for calls as necessary., Interrupt busy lines if an emergency warrants., Provide relay service for hearing-impaired users., Promote company products, services, and savings plans when appropriate., Operate paging systems or other systems of bells or buzzers to notify recipients of incoming calls., Update directory information., Keep records of calls placed and received, and of related toll charges..  They also know about using the following technology: Helpdesk or call center software, Operating system software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Video conferencing software. Examples include Computer aided dispatch software, Handheld computer device software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Operating system software, Video conference software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Desktop calculator, Alarm systems, Laser printers, Photocopiers, Typewriters, Laser fax machine, Two way radios, Special purpose telephones, Paging controllers, Personal computers, Premise branch exchange PBX systems, Phone headsets, Digital telephones. For example, 10-key calculators, Alarm system monitors, Computer laser printers, Copy machines, Electric typewriters, Laser facsimile machines, Mobile radios, Multiline telephone systems, Paging systems, Personal computers, Premise branch exchange PBX equipment, Secure voice equipment, Telephone headsets, Telephone switchboards, Voice over internet protocol VoIP systems. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, English Language, Communications and Media to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Social Perceptiveness, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Telephone Operators occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: New Accounts Clerks, Brokerage Clerks, Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks, Library Technicians, Travel Agents. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
