"document"
"A Switchboard Operators, Including Answering Service is someone who Operate telephone business systems equipment or switchboards to relay incoming, outgoing, and interoffice calls. May supply information to callers and record messages. . The Switchboard Operators, Including Answering Service  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Office and Administrative Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Operate communication systems, such as telephone, switchboard, intercom, two-way radio, or public address., Answer incoming calls, greeting callers, providing information, transferring calls or taking messages as necessary., Greet visitors, log them in and out of the facility, assign them security badges, and contact employee escorts., Monitor emergency and code alarms, make emergency announcements, or route emergency calls to the appropriate location., Record messages, suggesting rewording for clarity or conciseness., Page individuals to inform them of telephone calls, using paging or interoffice communication equipment., Relay or route written or verbal messages., Perform various cash handling tasks, such as collecting payments, making bank deposits, or managing petty cash., Place telephone calls or arrange conference calls as instructed., Process incoming or outgoing mail, packages, or deliveries., Perform various data entry or word processing tasks, such as updating phone directories, typing or proofreading documents, or creating schedules., Perform administrative tasks, such as accepting orders, scheduling appointments or meeting rooms, or sending and receiving faxes., Monitor alarm systems to ensure that secure conditions are maintained., Contact security staff members when necessary, using radio-telephones., Complete forms for sales orders., Answer simple questions about clients' businesses, using reference files., Stamp messages with time and date and file them appropriately., Keep records of calls placed and charges incurred., Place orders, such as for equipment, supplies, or catering for meetings..  They also know about using the following technology: Electronic mail software, Facilities management software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Operating system software, Word processing software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software. Examples include IBM Notes, M-Tech Hotel Service Optimization System HotSOS, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, SAP software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Alarm systems, Inkjet printers, Photocopiers, Intercom systems, Laser fax machine, Two way radios, Special purpose telephones, Paging controllers, Personal computers, Premise branch exchange PBX systems, Public address systems, Phone headsets, Video monitors. For example, Alarm system monitors, Computer inkjet printers, Copy machines, Intercom equipment, Laser facsimile machines, Mobile radios, Multiline telephone systems, Paging systems, Personal computers, Premise branch exchange PBX equipment, Public address PA systems, Radiotelephones, Telephone headsets, Telephone switchboards, Video surveillance monitors. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking, Social Perceptiveness, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Performing Administrative Activities. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Switchboard Operators, Including Answering Service occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Library Technicians, Billing and Posting Clerks, New Accounts Clerks, Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks, Legal Secretaries and Administrative Assistants. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
