"document"
"A Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks is someone who Compute, classify, and record numerical data to keep financial records complete. Perform any combination of routine calculating, posting, and verifying duties to obtain primary financial data for use in maintaining accounting records. May also check the accuracy of figures, calculations, and postings pertaining to business transactions recorded by other workers. . The Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Office and Administrative Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Operate computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information., Check figures, postings, and documents for correct entry, mathematical accuracy, and proper codes., Comply with federal, state, and company policies, procedures, and regulations., Operate 10-key calculators, typewriters, and copy machines to perform calculations and produce documents., Receive, record, and bank cash, checks, and vouchers., Code documents according to company procedures., Perform financial calculations, such as amounts due, interest charges, balances, discounts, equity, and principal., Reconcile or note and report discrepancies found in records., Perform general office duties, such as filing, answering telephones, and handling routine correspondence., Access computerized financial information to answer general questions as well as those related to specific accounts., Classify, record, and summarize numerical and financial data to compile and keep financial records, using journals and ledgers or computers., Debit, credit, and total accounts on computer spreadsheets and databases, using specialized accounting software., Match order forms with invoices, and record the necessary information., Perform personal bookkeeping services., Prepare and process payroll information., Prepare bank deposits by compiling data from cashiers, verifying and balancing receipts, and sending cash, checks, or other forms of payment to banks., Compute deductions for income and social security taxes., Calculate and prepare checks for utilities, taxes, and other payments., Monitor status of loans and accounts to ensure that payments are up to date., Reconcile records of bank transactions., Compile budget data and documents, based on estimated revenues and expenses and previous budgets., Compare computer printouts to manually maintained journals to determine if they match., Transfer details from separate journals to general ledgers or data processing sheets., Complete and submit tax forms and returns, workers' compensation forms, pension contribution forms, and other government documents., Calculate, prepare, and issue bills, invoices, account statements, and other financial statements according to established procedures., Calculate costs of materials, overhead, and other expenses, based on estimates, quotations and price lists., Prepare purchase orders and expense reports., Prepare trial balances of books., Compile statistical, financial, accounting, or auditing reports and tables pertaining to such matters as cash receipts, expenditures, accounts payable and receivable, and profits and losses., Maintain inventory records..  They also know about using the following technology: Accounting software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Customer relationship management CRM software, Document management software, Time accounting software, Human resources software, Financial analysis software, Compliance software, Transaction server software, Data base user interface and query software, Cloud-based data access and sharing software, Medical software, Video conferencing software, Word processing software, Project management software, Business intelligence and data analysis software, Electronic mail software, Information retrieval or search software, Spreadsheet software, Internet browser software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Desktop publishing software, Operating system software, Enterprise application integration software, Data base reporting software, Desktop communications software. Examples include Accounting software, Accounts payable software, Accounts receivable software, Accurate NXG, AcornSystems Corporate Performance Management, ACS Technologies ACS Financial Suite, Act!, Activant Solutions Activant Prophet 21, AdaptaSoft CyberPay, Adobe Acrobat, ADP Pay eXpert, ADP Workforce Now, Advanced Management Systems Software for Wineries, American HealthTech Financial, AMS Services AMS Sagitta, Asset management software, ATX Total Accounting Office, ATX Total Engagement Office, Auditing software, AuditWare financial reporting and auditing software, Automation Counselors municiPAL, Best MIP Fund Accounting, Blackbaud The Financial Edge, Blackbaud The Raiser's Edge, BLS Software Invoice!, Business performance management BPM software, Cartesis ES Magnitude, CCIS AccountAbility, ComputerEase construction accounting software, Corporate Responsibility System Technologies Limited CRSTL Compliance Positioning System, Cost accounting software, Customer information control system CICS, CYMA IV Accounting for Windows, Data entry software, Database software, Delphi Technology, Document management system software, Dropbox, Epic Systems, FaceTime, Fifth Walk BillingTracker, FileMaker Pro, Financial compliance software, Financial reporting software, Financial statement software, FlexiFinancials FlexiLedger, Fund accounting software, General ledger software, Google Docs, Google Drive, HCSS HeavyBid, HCSS HeavyJob, Healthcare common procedure coding system HCPCS, Heron CrossTie General Ledger, HMS, Human resource management software HRMS, IBM Cognos Impromptu, IBM Notes, Infor Global Solutions Starbuilder, Intrax ProcedureNet, Intuit QuickBooks, Iron Mountain Accutrac records management software, LexisNexis, Medical condition coding software, Medical procedure coding software, MEDITECH software, MethodWare ProAudit Advisor, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft Dynamics GP, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Publisher, Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, NetSuite ERP, New Millennium Communications Genesis Accounting, OmniRIM Records Management Suite, Oracle Database, Oracle E-Business Suite Financials, Oracle Fusion Applications, Oracle Hyperion, Oracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOne, Oracle PeopleSoft, Oracle PeopleSoft Financials, Paisley AutoAudit, Paisley Cardmap, Paisley Focus Control Assurance, Paisley IssueTrack, Paisley RiskNavigator, Payroll software, Pentana audit work system PAWS, PROPHIX Enterprise, Quicken, Records management software, Roundtable Software Advantage Accounting System, RSM McGladrey Advanced Practice Solutions Paperless Audit, RSM McGladrey Auditor Assistant, Sage 100 Contractor, Sage 100 ERP, Sage 50 Accounting, Sage EDP Payroll Tax, SAP Business Objects, SAP BusinessObjects Data Integrator, SAP Crystal Reports, SAP software, Skype, Softrax Revenue Management, Spreadsheet software, Tax software, Tumbleweed SecureTransport, UA Business Software Professional Edition, Word processing software, Yardi software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Desktop calculator, Desktop computers, Scientific calculator, Scanners, Ledger paper, Notebook computers, Receipts or receipt books. For example, 10-key calculators, Desktop computers, Financial calculators, Image scanners, Ledger sheets, Notebook computers, Receipt books. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Mathematical Reasoning, Number Facility, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Economics and Accounting, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Mathematics, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Mathematics, Critical Thinking. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Performing Administrative Activities. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Insurance Underwriters, Credit Analysts, Budget Analysts, Credit Counselors, Statistical Assistants. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 32.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 32.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Analysts. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Analysts. The journey culminates with Economists. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Analysts. The journey culminates with Statisticians. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Analysts. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Analysts. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Budget Analysts. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Budget Analysts. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Budget Analysts. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Budget Analysts. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Budget Analysts. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Biostatisticians. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Statisticians. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Operations Research Analysts. The path begins with Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks. Next, you move to Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. "
