"document"
"A Gambling Cage Workers is someone who In a gambling establishment, conduct financial transactions for patrons. Accept patron's credit application and verify credit references to provide check-cashing authorization or to establish house credit accounts. May reconcile daily summaries of transactions to balance books. May sell gambling chips, tokens, or tickets to patrons, or to other workers for resale to patrons. May convert gambling chips, tokens, or tickets to currency upon patron's request. May use a cash register or computer to record transaction. . The Gambling Cage Workers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Office and Administrative Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Maintain confidentiality of customers' transactions., Follow all gaming regulations., Maintain cage security., Cash checks and process credit card advances for patrons., Supply currency, coins, chips, or gaming checks to other departments as needed., Convert gaming checks, coupons, tokens, or coins to currency for gaming patrons., Count funds and reconcile daily summaries of transactions to balance books., Verify accuracy of reports, such as authorization forms, transaction reconciliations, or exchange summary reports., Determine cash requirements for windows and order all necessary currency, coins, or chips., Perform removal and rotation of cash, coin, or chip inventories as necessary., Provide assistance in the training and orientation of new cashiers., Provide customers with information about casino operations., Prepare bank deposits, balancing assigned funds as necessary., Prepare reports, including assignment of company funds or recording of department revenues., Record casino exchange transactions, using cash registers., Establish new computer accounts., Sell gambling chips, tokens, or tickets to patrons or to other workers for resale to patrons..  They also know about using the following technology: Office suite software, Spreadsheet software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software. Examples include Corel WordPerfect Office Suite, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Spreadsheet software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Desktop calculator, Sorters, Coin wrapper machines, Electronic funds transfer point of sale equipment, Cash registers, Coin sorters, Magnetic stripe readers and encoders, Money counting machines, Desktop computers, Personal computers, Alarm systems. For example, 10-key calculators, Automatic coin sorters, Automatic coin wrappers, Cash advance terminals, Cash registers, Coin sorting setups, Credit card processing machines, Currency scanners, Desktop computers, Personal computers, Security alarm systems. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Mathematical Reasoning, Number Facility, Selective Attention, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Mathematics, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Gambling Cage Workers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: New Accounts Clerks, Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks, Pharmacy Technicians, Ophthalmic Medical Technicians, Library Technicians. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
