"document"
"A Credit Authorizers, Checkers, and Clerks is someone who Authorize credit charges against customers' accounts. Investigate history and credit standing of individuals or business establishments applying for credit. May interview applicants to obtain personal and financial data, determine credit worthiness, process applications, and notify customers of acceptance or rejection of credit. . The Credit Authorizers, Checkers, and Clerks  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Office and Administrative Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Keep records of customers' charges and payments., Compile and analyze credit information gathered by investigation., Obtain information about potential creditors from banks, credit bureaus, and other credit services, and provide reciprocal information if requested., Interview credit applicants by telephone or in person to obtain personal and financial data needed to complete credit report., Evaluate customers' computerized credit records and payment histories to decide whether to approve new credit, based on predetermined standards., File sales slips in customers' ledgers for billing purposes., Receive charge slips or credit applications by mail, or receive information from salespeople or merchants by telephone., Mail charge statements to customers., Examine city directories and public records to verify residence property ownership, bankruptcies, liens, arrest record, or unpaid taxes of applicants., Relay credit report information to subscribers by mail or by telephone., Prepare credit cards or charge account plates., Call customers to collect payment on delinquent accounts., Consult with customers to resolve complaints or verify financial or credit transactions., Contact former employers and other acquaintances to verify applicants' references, employment, health history, or social behavior., Prepare reports of findings and recommendations., Review individual or commercial customer files to identify and select delinquent accounts for collection..  They also know about using the following technology: Accounting software, Electronic mail software, Financial analysis software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Internet browser software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Project management software, Word processing software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Business intelligence and data analysis software. Examples include Accounting software, Email software, Equifax software, Experian software, Financial accounting software, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Word, SAP software, Spreadsheet programs, Structured query language SQL, Tableau, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Scanners, Laser printers, Photocopiers, Magnetic stripe readers and encoders, Typewriters, Laser fax machine, Special purpose telephones, Personal computers, Printer calculator. For example, Computer data input scanners, Computer laser printers, Copy machines, Credit card processing machines, Electric typewriters, Laser facsimile machines, Multiline telephone systems, Personal computers, Printing calculators. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Administrative, Economics and Accounting, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Mathematics, English Language, Law and Government to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Complex Problem Solving, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Performing Administrative Activities. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Credit Authorizers, Checkers, and Clerks occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks, Loan Interviewers and Clerks, Brokerage Clerks, Tax Examiners and Collectors, and Revenue Agents, Human Resources Assistants, Except Payroll and Timekeeping. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
