"document"
"A New Accounts Clerks is someone who Interview persons desiring to open accounts in financial institutions. Explain account services available to prospective customers and assist them in preparing applications. . The New Accounts Clerks  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Office and Administrative Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Finance and Insurance, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Perform teller duties as required., Compile information about new accounts, enter account information into computers, and file related forms or other documents., Collect and record customer deposits and fees and issue receipts, using computers., Inform customers of procedures for applying for services, such as ATM cards, direct deposit of checks, and certificates of deposit., Answer customers' questions and explain available services, such as deposit accounts, bonds, and securities., Interview customers to obtain information needed for opening accounts or renting safe-deposit boxes., Refer customers to appropriate bank personnel to meet their financial needs., Investigate and correct errors upon customers' request, according to customer and bank records., Execute wire transfers of funds., Issue initial and replacement safe-deposit keys to customers, and admit customers to vaults., Process loan applications., Obtain credit records from reporting agencies., Schedule repairs for locks on safe-deposit boxes., Perform foreign currency transactions and sell traveler's checks., Duplicate records for distribution to branch offices..  They also know about using the following technology: Accounting software, Data base user interface and query software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Electronic mail software, Financial analysis software, Customer relationship management CRM software, Spreadsheet software, Internet browser software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Cloud-based data access and sharing software, Word processing software. Examples include Accounting software, Corporate Information Factory CIF, DCI iCore, Email software, Financial needs analysis software, Fiserv financial services software, Harland Financial Solutions DepositPro, IBM Lotus Notes, IPS-Sendero Relationship Profitability Manager Catalyst, Microsoft Dynamics GP, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Word, Systems Union Group MIS DecisionWare, Web browser software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Desktop calculator, Personal computers, Mainframe console or dumb terminals. For example, 10-key calculators, Personal computers, Teller terminals. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Economics and Accounting, Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Mathematics, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Service Orientation, Judgment and Decision Making. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the New Accounts Clerks occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Insurance Sales Agents, Insurance Underwriters, Credit Counselors, Loan Officers, Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 29.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 29.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Lawyers. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. "
