"document"
"A Postal Service Mail Carriers is someone who Sort and deliver mail for the United States Postal Service (USPS). Deliver mail on established route by vehicle or on foot. Includes postal service mail carriers employed by USPS contractors. . The Postal Service Mail Carriers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Office and Administrative Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Scan labels on letters or parcels to confirm receipt., Obtain signed receipts for registered, certified, and insured mail, collect associated charges, and complete any necessary paperwork., Return to the post office with mail collected from homes, businesses, and public mailboxes., Sort mail for delivery, arranging it in delivery sequence., Deliver mail to residences and business establishments along specified routes by walking or driving, using a combination of satchels, carts, cars, and small trucks., Meet schedules for the collection and return of mail., Sign for cash-on-delivery and registered mail before leaving the post office., Hold mail for customers who are away from delivery locations., Turn in money and receipts collected along mail routes., Leave notices telling patrons where to collect mail that could not be delivered., Maintain accurate records of deliveries., Bundle mail in preparation for delivery or transportation to relay boxes., Record address changes and redirect mail for those addresses., Return incorrectly addressed mail to senders., Answer customers' questions about postal services and regulations., Provide customers with change of address cards and other forms., Report any unusual circumstances concerning mail delivery, including the condition of street letter boxes., Register, certify, and insure parcels and letters., Enter change of address orders into computers that process forwarding address stickers., Travel to post offices to pick up the mail for routes or pick up mail from postal relay boxes., Sell stamps and money orders., Complete forms that notify publishers of address changes..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Map creation software, Time accounting software, Office suite software, Operating system software, Word processing software, Human resources software. Examples include Address Management System AMS, Automated Data Collection System ADCS, Delivery operations information system DOIS, Delivery Routing System DRS, Electronic Time Clock ETC, End of Run Report EOR, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Time and Attendance Collection System TACS, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Portable data input terminals, Storage racks or shelves, Mail box, Non metallic baskets, Automobiles or cars, Bar code reader equipment, Safety chains, Light trucks or sport utility vehicles, Time card machines, Carts. For example, Delivery unit computers, Handheld computers, Mail distribution cases, Mail relay boxes, Mail sorting trays, Passenger vehicles, Portable barcode scanners, Postal vehicle tire chains, Route cases, Small trucks, Time clocks, Wheeled carts. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Postal Service Mail Carriers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Library Technicians, Barbers, Potters, Manufacturing, Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Tour Guides and Escorts. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
