"document"
"A Meter Readers, Utilities is someone who Read meter and record consumption of electricity, gas, water, or steam. . The Meter Readers, Utilities  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Office and Administrative Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Utilities, Construction, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation). People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Read electric, gas, water, or steam consumption meters and enter data in route books or hand-held computers., Upload into office computers all information collected on hand-held computers during meter rounds, or return route books or hand-held computers to business offices so that data can be compiled., Walk or drive vehicles along established routes to take readings of meter dials., Inspect meters for unauthorized connections, defects, and damage, such as broken seals., Verify readings in cases where consumption appears to be abnormal, and record possible reasons for fluctuations., Report to service departments any problems, such as meter irregularities, damaged equipment, or impediments to meter access, including dogs., Leave messages to arrange different times to read meters in cases in which meters are not accessible., Connect and disconnect utility services at specific locations., Answer customers' questions about services and charges, or direct them to customer service centers., Update client address and meter location information., Perform preventative maintenance or minor repairs on meters., Report lost or broken keys., Collect past-due bills..  They also know about using the following technology: Accounting software, Geographic information system, Charting software, Map creation software, Data base reporting software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Operating system software, Word processing software, Industrial control software. Examples include Billing software, Geographic information system GIS systems, Graphing software, Mapping software, Meter reading software, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Supervisory control and data acquisition SCADA software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Remote automatic meter reading system, Photocopiers, Portable data input terminals, Desktop computers, Multimeters, Digital cameras, Power meters, Shovels, Gas gauges, Power blowers, Water pumps, Global positioning system GPS receiver, Slip or groove joint pliers, Flashlight, Laser fax machine, Two way radios, Multi gas monitors, Screwdrivers, Nut drivers, Automobiles or cars, Pocket calculator, Radio receivers, Mobile phones, Tablet computers, Light trucks or sport utility vehicles, Water meters. For example, Automatic meter reading systems, Copy machines, Dataloggers, Desktop computers, Digital multimeters, Digital still cameras, Electricity consumption meters, Garden shovels, Gas consumption meters, Gas powered blowers, Gas powered pumps, Global positioning system GPS devices, Groove joint pliers, High-power flashlights, Laser facsimile machines, Mobile radios, Multi-gas testers, Multipurpose screwdrivers, Nut wrenches, Passenger vehicles, Portable calculators, Radio frequency RF meters, Smart phones, Steam consumption meters, Tablet computers, Utility trucks, Water consumption meters. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Information Ordering, Perceptual Speed, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Processing Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Meter Readers, Utilities occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians, Crane and Tower Operators, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
