"document"
"A Word Processors and Typists is someone who Use word processor, computer, or typewriter to type letters, reports, forms, or other material from rough draft, corrected copy, or voice recording. May perform other clerical duties as assigned. . The Word Processors and Typists  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Office and Administrative Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Perform other clerical duties, such as answering telephone, sorting and distributing mail, running errands or sending faxes., Check completed work for spelling, grammar, punctuation, and format., File and store completed documents on computer hard drive or disk, or maintain a computer filing system to store, retrieve, update, and delete documents., Print and make copies of work., Transmit work electronically to other locations., Address envelopes or prepare envelope labels, using typewriter or computer., Type correspondence, reports, text and other written material from rough drafts, corrected copies, voice recordings, dictation, or previous versions, using a computer, word processor, or typewriter., Gather, register, and arrange the material to be typed, following instructions., Compute and verify totals on report forms, requisitions, or bills, using adding machine or calculator., Keep records of work performed., Electronically sort and compile text and numerical data, retrieving, updating, and merging documents as required., Search for specific sets of stored, typed characters to make changes., Collate pages of reports and other documents., Reformat documents, moving paragraphs or columns., Adjust settings for format, page layout, line spacing, and other style requirements., Use data entry devices, such as optical scanners, to input data into computers for revision or editing., Operate and resupply printers and computers, changing print wheels or fluid cartridges, adding paper, and loading blank tapes, cards, or disks into equipment., Manage schedules and set dates, times, and locations for meetings and appointments., Work with technical material, preparing statistical reports, planning and typing statistical tables, and combining and rearranging material from different sources., Transcribe stenotyped notes of court proceedings..  They also know about using the following technology: Customer relationship management CRM software, Document management software, Office suite software, Data base user interface and query software, Electronic mail software, Accounting software, Spreadsheet software, Presentation software, Desktop publishing software, Cloud-based data access and sharing software, Process mapping and design software, Word processing software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Medical software. Examples include Act!, Adobe Acrobat, Blackbaud CRM, Corel WordPerfect Office Suite, FileMaker Pro, Google Workspace software, IBM Notes, Intuit QuickBooks, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Publisher, Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Word, Oracle PeopleSoft, Oracle Siebel CRM, SAP software, SRSsoft SRS EHR. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Photocopiers, Desktop calculator, Typewriters, Laser fax machine, Paper shredding machines or accessories, Personal computers, Franking or postage machines. For example, Copy machines, Desktop calculators, Electric typewriters, Laser facsimile machines, Paper shredders, Personal computers, Postage marking machines, Postage meters. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Information Ordering, Perceptual Speed, Wrist-Finger Speed, Near Vision, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Performing Administrative Activities. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Word Processors and Typists occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Legal Secretaries and Administrative Assistants, Bookkeeping, Accounting, and Auditing Clerks, Library Technicians, Medical Transcriptionists, Paralegals and Legal Assistants. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
