"document"
"A Statistical Assistants is someone who Compile and compute data according to statistical formulas for use in statistical studies. May perform actuarial computations and compile charts and graphs for use by actuaries. Includes actuarial clerks. . The Statistical Assistants  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Office and Administrative Support Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 4, described as occupations that need considerable preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Information, Finance and Insurance, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Compute and analyze data, using statistical formulas and computers or calculators., Check source data to verify completeness and accuracy., Enter data into computers for use in analyses or reports., Compile reports, charts, or graphs that describe and interpret findings of analyses., Participate in the publication of data or information., File data and related information, and maintain and update databases., Organize paperwork, such as survey forms or reports, for distribution or analysis., Code data prior to computer entry, using lists of codes., Compile statistics from source materials, such as production or sales records, quality-control or test records, time sheets, or survey sheets., Interview people and keep track of their responses., Check survey responses for errors, such as the use of pens instead of pencils, and set aside response forms that cannot be used., Select statistical tests for analyzing data., Discuss data presentation requirements with clients., Send out surveys..  They also know about using the following technology: Development environment software, Customer relationship management CRM software, Analytical or scientific software, Computer aided design CAD software, Object or component oriented development software, Office suite software, Data base user interface and query software, Financial analysis software, Graphics or photo imaging software, Document management software, Spreadsheet software, Web platform development software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Data base management system software, Data base reporting software, Business intelligence and data analysis software, Internet browser software. Examples include A programming language APL, Avidian Technologies Prophet, Benfield ReMetrica, Bentley MicroStation, C#, C++, Corel WordPerfect Office Suite, Data visualization software, Database software, dBASE, GGY AXIS, Google Workspace software, Harvard Graphics, Hyland OnBase Enterprise Content Management, IBM Lotus 1-2-3, IBM SPSS Statistics, Insightful S-PLUS, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Active Server Pages ASP, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Visual Basic, Microsoft Visual Studio, Microsoft Word, Minitab, Oracle Java, Oracle PL/SQL, PolySystems Asset Delphi, Python, QSR International NVivo, R, SAP BusinessObjects Crystal Reports, SAS, Software development tools, StataCorp Stata, STATISTICA, Structured query language SQL, Systat Software SigmaStat, Tableau, The MathWorks MATLAB, Towers Perrin MoSes, Web browser software, Wolfram Research Mathematica, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Desktop calculator, Desktop computers, Scientific calculator, Notebook computers, Liquid crystal display projector, Personal computers, Mainframe computers, High capacity removable media drives. For example, 10-key calculators, Desktop computers, Graphing calculators, Laptop computers, Liquid crystal display LCD video projectors, Personal computers, Supercomputers, Universal serial bus USB flash drives. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Mathematical Reasoning, Number Facility, Flexibility of Closure, Selective Attention, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Investigative, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Mathematics, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Mathematics, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Complex Problem Solving, Programming, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Statistical Assistants occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Biostatisticians, Statisticians, Survey Researchers, Operations Research Analysts, Financial Quantitative Analysts. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 12.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 12.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Biostatisticians. The path begins with Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Statisticians. The path begins with Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Operations Research Analysts. The path begins with Statistical Assistants. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. According to ONET survey research, 59% feel this occupation requires a Bachelor's Degree Educational programs associated with this occupation tend to graduate people with the following degrees: Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), Associate's degree, Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs), Bachelor's degree, Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs), Postbaccalaureate certificate, Master’s degree. Among black students completing instructional programs related to this occupation, 12% received a Associate's degree, 8% received a Bachelor's degree, 0% received a Master’s degree, 0% received a Postbaccalaureate certificate, 2% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs), 11% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), 11% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs). The following schools granted the most credentials aligned with the educational requirements related to this occupation: University of Alaska Anchorage, Quinnipiac University, Point University, Lewis-Clark State College, Rockford University, Roosevelt University, Ferris State University, Missouri Valley College, Rowan University, Canisius College, Pace University, Bryant University, Saint Edward's University, Centura College-Virginia Beach, American National University, Strayer University-Virginia, Bellevue College, North Seattle College, Pennsylvania College of Technology, Florida National University-Main Campus, Centura College-Chesapeake, Strayer University-Maryland, Stratford University, Strayer University-Tennessee, Strayer University-Pennsylvania, Strayer University-Florida, Strayer University-Alabama, Strayer University-North Carolina, Strayer University-New Jersey, Strayer University-West Virginia, Strayer University-Georgia, Strayer University-Mississippi, Strayer University-South Carolina, Strayer University-Texas, Strayer University-Global Region"
