"document"
"A First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers is someone who Directly supervise and coordinate the activities of agricultural, forestry, aquacultural, and related workers. . The First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Assign tasks such as feeding and treatment of animals, and cleaning and maintenance of animal quarters., Record the numbers and types of fish or shellfish reared, harvested, released, sold, and shipped., Monitor workers to ensure that safety regulations are followed, warning or disciplining those who violate safety regulations., Observe animals for signs of illness, injury, or unusual behavior, notifying veterinarians or managers as warranted., Observe fish and beds or ponds to detect diseases, monitor fish growth, determine quality of fish, or determine completeness of harvesting., Train workers in tree felling or bucking, operation of tractors or loading machines, yarding or loading techniques, or safety regulations., Treat animal illnesses or injuries, following experience or instructions of veterinarians., Train workers in spawning, rearing, cultivating, and harvesting methods, and in the use of equipment., Train workers in techniques such as planting, harvesting, weeding, or insect identification and in the use of safety measures., Confer with managers to evaluate weather or soil conditions, to develop plans or procedures, or to discuss issues such as changes in fertilizers, herbicides, or cultivating techniques., Communicate with forestry personnel regarding forest harvesting or forest management plans, procedures, or schedules., Inspect crops, fields, or plant stock to determine conditions and need for cultivating, spraying, weeding, or harvesting., Coordinate dismantling, moving, and setting up equipment at new work sites., Coordinate the selection and movement of logs from storage areas, according to transportation schedules or production requirements., Schedule work crews, equipment, or transportation for several different work locations., Drive or operate farm machinery, such as trucks, tractors, or self-propelled harvesters, to transport workers or supplies or to cultivate or harvest fields., Perform both supervisory and management functions, such as accounting, marketing, and personnel work., Transport or arrange for transport of animals, equipment, food, animal feed, and other supplies to and from work sites., Inspect buildings, fences, fields or ranges, supplies, and equipment to determine work to be performed., Read inventory records, customer orders, or shipping schedules to determine required activities., Inspect facilities to determine maintenance needs., Confer with managers to determine production requirements, conditions of equipment and supplies, and work schedules., Prepare and maintain time or payroll reports, as well as details of personnel actions, such as performance evaluations, hires, promotions, or disciplinary actions., Requisition or purchase supplies, such as insecticides, machine parts or lubricants, or tools., Monitor or oversee construction projects, such as horticultural buildings or irrigation systems., Issue equipment, such as farm implements, machinery, ladders, or containers to workers, and collect equipment when work is complete., Calculate or monitor budgets for maintenance or development of collections, grounds, or infrastructure., Direct or assist with the adjustment or repair of equipment or machinery., Monitor operations to identify and solve problems, improve work methods, and ensure compliance with safety, company, and government regulations., Plan work schedules according to personnel and equipment availability..  They also know about using the following technology: Project management software, Accounting software, Data base user interface and query software, Calendar and scheduling software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Inventory management software, Map creation software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Time accounting software, Expert system software, Internet browser software. Examples include Atlassian Confluence, BCS Woodlands Software The Logger Tracker, Cattlesoft CattleMax, Database software, Employee scheduling software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Landmark Sales LOG-istics, Lion Edge Technologies Ranch Manager, Mapping software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Midwest MicroSystems Cow Sense, Payroll software, Sage 50 Accounting, Spreadsheet software, TradeTec Computer Systems TallyWorks Logs, Valley Agricultural Software DairyCOMP 305, Valley Agricultural Software Feed Watch, Web browser software, Word processing software, Work scheduling software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Air pumps, Air compressors, Veterinary injection or suction unit, Livestock trailers, Feed mixers, Pisciculture supplies, Animal watering machines, Axes, Backhoes, Blast freezers, Blood collection syringes, Winches, Veterinary castration instruments, Lumbering equipment, Power saws, Sprayers, Claw hammer, Wet mops, Animal shearing or clipping equipment, Power drills, Harvesters, Animal husbandry equipment, Desktop computers, Spades, Dissolved oxygen meters, Fertilizer spreaders or distributors, Dump trucks, Respirators, Livestock identification equipment, Egg inspection or collecting equipment, Animal weighing scales, Conveyor screw, Irrigation overheads, Commercial fishing nets, Lawnmowers, Flowmeters, Fog or mist generators, Forklifts, All terrain vehicles tracked or wheeled, Front end loaders, Gas generators, Global positioning system GPS receiver, Laboratory beakers, Air dryers, Cargo trucks, Greenhouse ventilation equipment, Saws, Handheld thermometer, Hand sprayers, Hard hats, Marine hatchery equipment, Haymaking machinery, Hoes, Hoists, Veterinary nail trimmers or cutters, Bridles, Saddles, Dropping pipettes, Track loaders, Multipurpose or general test tubes, Light trucks or sport utility vehicles, Forestry skidders, Dollies, Agricultural tractors, Shovels, Tape measures, Milking machines, Conventional truck cranes, Flatbed trailers, Nebulizers, Water purification equipment, Personal computers, pH meters, Screwdrivers, Garden forks, Ploughs, Portable data input terminals, Post hole digger, Incubators or brooders for poultry, Forestry saws, Rakes, Cultivators, Recreational rowboats, Diving instruments or accessories, Seed drills, Recreational motorboats, Snowplow attachments, Socket sets, Sonars, Squeegees or washers, Cleaning brushes, Grapples, Water samplers, Track bulldozers, Track excavators, Turbidimeters, Two way radios, Ultraviolet wastewater disinfection equipment, Digital camcorders or video cameras, Water pumps, Water analyzers. For example, Adjustable hand wrenches, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Aeration pumps, Air compressors, Animal injection syringes, Animal trailers, Animal vaccination syringes, Artificial insemination syringes, Automated feed batch mixers, Automatic fish feeders, Automatic watering devices, Axes, Backhoes, Balling guns, Blast chillers, Blood drawing syringes, Cable winches, Castration equipment, Chain flail delimbers, Chain saws, Chemical injection systems, Claw hammers, Cleaning mops, Clipping equipment, Cordless drills, Crop harvesters, Debarking tools, Debeakers, Dehorners, Delimbing gates, Desktop computers, Digging spades, Dissolved oxygen indicators, Drop spreaders, Dump trucks, Dust and particulate respirators, Ear tagging equipment, Egg candlers, Egg grading machines, Egg washing machines, Electronic animal scales, Feed conveyors, Feed wagons, Feller bunchers, Field watering systems, Filtering equipment, Fish capture nets, Fish gates, Fish holding tanks, Fish screens, Fish seines, Fish tagging equipment, Fish traps, Fish weighing scales, Flail mowers, Flow meters, Fog systems, Forage harvesters, Forklifts, Four wheel drive 4WD vehicles, Front end loaders, Fumigators, Fyke nets, Gas-powered generators, Geodetic ground global positioning system GPS receivers, Gill nets, Glass beakers, Grain dryers, Grain trucks, Grapple processors, Grapple yarders, Greenhouse climate control systems, Hand saws, Handheld digital thermometers, Handheld spray guns, Hard hats, Hatching trays, Hay rakes, Hoes, Hoisting racks, Hoof trimmers, Hoop nets, Horse bridles, Horse saddles, Irrigation pipettes, Knuckleboom loaders, Laboratory test tubes, Light pickup trucks, Log skidders, Logging arches, Logging tractors, Long handle shovels, Manure spreaders, Measuring tapes, Milk separators, Milking equipment, Mobile logging cranes, Mud sleds, Multipurpose tractors, Nail trimmers, Nebulizers, Ozone water purification systems, Personal computers, pH indicators, Phillips head screwdrivers, Pitchforks, Plows, Portable data collectors, Post hole diggers, Poultry incubators, Power drills, Power saws, Pruning shears, Pullthrough delimbers, Rakes, Riding mowers, Rototillers, Round balers, Rowboats, Sawbucks, Scuba diving equipment, Seed drills, Shearing equipment, Shovels, Small power boats, Snowplows, Socket wrench sets, Soil tillers, Sonar equipment, Spades, Square balers, Squeegees, Straight screwdrivers, Stroke delimbers, Suction syringes, Tail dockers, Tank cleaning brushes, Timber tongs, Total dissolved solids TDS meters, Tracked bulldozers, Tracked excavators, Tree pruning equipment, Turbidimeters, Two way radios, Ultraviolet water purification systems, Veterinary intravenous IV sets, Video camera systems, Video scanning fish counters, Water pumps, Water testers, Water transfer systems, Weed sprayers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Near Vision, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Food Production, Mechanical, Mathematics, Biology, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Mathematics, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Learning Strategies, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Persuasion, Negotiation, Instructing, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management, Management of Personnel Resources. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers, Industrial Production Managers, Biofuels Production Managers, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 13.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 13.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Industrial Production Managers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Industrial Production Managers. The journey culminates with Natural Sciences Managers. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Industrial Production Managers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Industrial Production Managers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Industrial Production Managers. The journey culminates with Orthotists and Prosthetists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Biofuels Production Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Biofuels Production Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Biofuels Production Managers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Biofuels Production Managers. The journey culminates with Natural Sciences Managers. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Biofuels Production Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with First-Line Supervisors of Farming, Fishing, and Forestry Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
