"document"
"A Boilermakers is someone who Construct, assemble, maintain, and repair stationary steam boilers and boiler house auxiliaries. Align structures or plate sections to assemble boiler frame tanks or vats, following blueprints. Work involves use of hand and power tools, plumb bobs, levels, wedges, dogs, or turnbuckles. Assist in testing assembled vessels. Direct cleaning of boilers and boiler furnaces. Inspect and repair boiler fittings, such as safety valves, regulators, automatic-control mechanisms, water columns, and auxiliary machines. . The Boilermakers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Attach rigging and signal crane or hoist operators to lift heavy frame and plate sections or other parts into place., Study blueprints to determine locations, relationships, or dimensions of parts., Repair or replace defective pressure vessel parts, such as safety valves or regulators, using torches, jacks, caulking hammers, power saws, threading dies, welding equipment, or metalworking machinery., Locate and mark reference points for columns or plates on boiler foundations, following blueprints and using straightedges, squares, transits, or measuring instruments., Bolt or arc weld pressure vessel structures and parts together, using wrenches or welding equipment., Position, align, and secure structural parts or related assemblies to boiler frames, tanks, or vats of pressure vessels, following blueprints., Install manholes, handholes, taps, tubes, valves, gauges, or feedwater connections in drums of water tube boilers, using hand tools., Shape or fabricate parts, such as stacks, uptakes, or chutes, to adapt pressure vessels, heat exchangers, or piping to premises, using heavy-metalworking machines such as brakes, rolls, or drill presses., Assemble large vessels in an on-site fabrication shop prior to installation to ensure proper fit., Lay out plate, sheet steel, or other heavy metal and locate and mark bending and cutting lines, using protractors, compasses, and drawing instruments or templates., Examine boilers, pressure vessels, tanks, or vats to locate defects, such as leaks, weak spots, or defective sections, so that they can be repaired., Shape seams, joints, or irregular edges of pressure vessel sections or structural parts to attain specified fit of parts, using cutting torches, hammers, files, or metalworking machines., Inspect assembled vessels or individual components, such as tubes, fittings, valves, controls, or auxiliary mechanisms, to locate any defects., Straighten or reshape bent pressure vessel plates or structure parts, using hammers, jacks, or torches., Install refractory bricks or other heat-resistant materials in fireboxes of pressure vessels., Clean pressure vessel equipment, using scrapers, wire brushes, and cleaning solvents., Bell, bead with power hammers, or weld pressure vessel tube ends to ensure leakproof joints..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer aided design CAD software, Computer based training software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Operating system software, Word processing software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software. Examples include Autodesk AutoCAD, Computer aided design CAD software, Health and safety training software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, SAP software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Blow torch, Adjustable wrenches, Pipe wrenches, Shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine, Air compressors, Pneumatic grinders, Pneumatic hammer, Air manifolds, Pneumatic sanding machines, Hex keys, Multi gas monitors, Air samplers or collectors, Ball peen hammer, Hand clamps, Below the hook device, Girder trolleys, Tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe, Bench vises, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Blocks or pulleys, Bolt cutters, Box end wrenches, Manual press brake, Power buffers, Drive pins, C clamps, Calipers, Single gas monitors, Hand sprayers, Caulking guns, Hoists, Specialty wrenches, Chalk lines, Locking pliers, Demolition hammers, Power saws, Claw hammer, Safety glasses, Squares, Combination wrenches, Compasses, Welding robots, Metal markers or holders, Desktop computers, Lasers, Levels, Drill gauge, Drill press or radial drill, Masks or accessories, Ear plugs, Electrode holder, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, End cut pliers, Fire extinguishers, Fire retardant apparel, Power flaring tool, Flashback arrestor, Forklifts, Lighters, Safety harnesses or belts, Respirators, Hacksaw, Saws, Hard hats, Laboratory heaters, Hydraulic truck cranes, Workshop cranes, Jacks, Pullers, Pressure indicators, Inspection mirror, Ladders, Hammers, Protective coveralls, Longnose pliers, Tape measures, Metal inert gas welding machine, Cold chisels, Tinners snips, Micrometers, Milling machines, Nibblers, Open end wrenches, Personal computers, Pipe or tube cutter, Pipe vises, Plasma arc welding machine, Loading equipment, Plumb bobs, Pneumatic drill, Pneumatic impact wrenches, Spot welding machine, Power grinders, Protective gloves, Protractors, Pry bars, Putty knives, Resin guns, Goggles, Scaffolding, Scales, Scissor lift or lift table, Screwdrivers, Scribers, Respiration air supplying self contained breathing apparatus or accessories, Shackle, Shears, Mill saw file, Sledge hammer, Bevels, Slings, Slip or groove joint pliers, Socket sets, Platform lift, Welding electrode, Straight edges, Strap wrenches, Manlift or personnel lift, Threading taps, Telescoping gauge, Telescoping boom lift, Temperature indicating stick, Torque wrenches, Level sensors or transmitters, Tube end finisher, Tube wrenches, Hand reamer, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Two way radios, Utility knives, Fans, Wedges, Welding generator, Welding regulator oxygen, Welding masks, Welding or brazing tip cleaner file, Welding or cutting tip, Wire brushes, X ray radiography examination equipment. For example, Acetylene torches, Adjustable crescent wrenches, Adjustable pipe wrenches, Air carbon arc cutting equipment, Air compressors, Air grinders, Air hammers, Air manifolds, Air scalers, Allen wrenches, Atmospheric monitoring devices, Atmospheric testing equipment, Ball peen hammers, Bar clamps, Beam clamps, Beam trolleys, Bench lathes, Bench vises, Beveling machines, Blacksmiths' punches, Block and tackle equipment, Bolt cutters, Box end wrenches, Brakes, Buffing tools, Bull pins, C clamps, Calipers, Carbon dioxide CO2 meters, Catalyst dispensers, Caulking guns, Center punches, Chain falls, Chain hoists, Chain pulleys, Chain wrenches, Chalk lines, Channel lock pliers, Chipping hammers, Circular saws, Claw hammers, Clear lenses, Combination squares, Combination wrenches, Compasses, Computer-controlled welding equipment, Contour markers, Cutoff saws, Cutting torches, Desktop computers, Digital lasers, Digital levels, Dividers, Drift pins, Drill point gauges, Drill presses, Dust masks, Ear plugs, Electrode holders, Electrode ovens, End cutting pliers, Engineers' levels, Filtered lenses, Fire extinguishers, Fire retardant coveralls, Flaring tools, Flashback arrestors, Forklifts, Framing squares, Friction lighters, Full body harnesses, Full-face respirators, Ground clamps, Hacksaws, Half-face respirators, Hammer wrenches, Hand saws, Hard hats, Heat lamps, Hydraulic boom trucks, Hydraulic cranes, Hydraulic jacks, Hydraulic stub pullers, Hydrostatic testers, Inspection mirrors, Jig saws, Ladders, Laser levels, Lead hammers, Leather protective clothing, Longnose pliers, Measuring tapes, Metal inert gas MIG welders, Metal-cutting chisels, Metal-cutting snips, Micrometers, Milling machines, Needle pressure gauges, Nibblers, Non-sparking hammers, Open end wrenches, Overhead hoists, Oxygen concentration meters, Oxygen lances, Personal computers, Pin punches, Pipe and tubing cutters, Pipe vises, Plasma arc welding equipment, Plate clamps, Plumb bobs, Pneumatic drills, Pneumatic hoists, Pneumatic impact wrenches, Portable welding machines, Power grinders, Power saws, Pre-heating torches, Protective gloves, Protractors, Pry bars, Punch presses, Putty knives, Reciprocating saws, Resin spray guns, Respiratory protection equipment, Safety glasses, Safety goggles, Sandblasters, Scaffolding, Scale rules, Scissor lifts, Screw jacks, Screwdrivers, Scribers, Self-contained breathing apparatus, Serrating tools, Shackles, Shears, Shielded arc welding tools, Side cutting pliers, Single-cut mill saw files, Sledgehammers, Sliding t-bevels, Slings, Slip joint pliers, Socket wrench sets, Soft face hammers, Spirit levels, Splitting chisels, Spreader beams, Spud wrenches, Squares, Staging equipment, Steamboat ratchet jacks, Stick electrodes, Straightedges, Strap wrenches, Swing stages, Swivel hoist rings, Tap sets, Telescoping gauges, Telescoping lifts, Temperature sticks, Torque wrenches, Trammel points, Transit levels, Tube drifts, Tube end facers, Tube milling machines, Tube pullers, Tube wall reducing tools, Tungsten inert gas TIG welding equipment, Two way radios, Utility hoists, Utility knives, Ventilation fans, Vernier calipers, Vise grip pliers, Water levels, Wedges, Welding adaptors, Welding distribution panels, Welding oxygen regulators, Welding shields, Welding tip cleaning files, Welding tips, Wire brushes, Wire rope pullers, Workshop cranes, X ray inspection equipment. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Engineering and Technology, Design, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, Education and Training to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Boilermakers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Transportation Inspectors, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Solar Energy Systems Engineers, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 28.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 28.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
