"document"
"A Pile Driver Operators is someone who Operate pile drivers mounted on skids, barges, crawler treads, or locomotive cranes to drive pilings for retaining walls, bulkheads, and foundations of structures such as buildings, bridges, and piers. . The Pile Driver Operators  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Move hand and foot levers of hoisting equipment to position piling leads, hoist piling into leads, and position hammers over pilings., Move levers and turn valves to activate power hammers, or to raise and lower drophammers that drive piles to required depths., Drive pilings to provide support for buildings or other structures, using heavy equipment with a pile driver head., Conduct pre-operational checks on equipment to ensure proper functioning., Clean, lubricate, and refill equipment..  They also know about using the following technology: Electronic mail software, Mobile location based services software, Analytical or scientific software, Spreadsheet software. Examples include Email software, Global positioning system GPS software, GRL Engineers Wave Equation Analysis Program GRLWEAP, Microsoft Excel, Pile Dynamics Case Pile Wave Analysis Program CAPWAP, Pile Dynamics Pile Driving Analyzer PDA. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Hex keys, Slings, Pile driver tools or its parts or accessories, Ammeters, Torque wrenches, Mobile medical services first aid kits, Pile drivers, Ladders, Specialty wrenches, Hoists, Safety harnesses or belts, Global positioning system GPS receiver, Hand pumps, Clock timers, Life vests or preservers, Industrial funnels, Two way radios, Fire extinguishers, Thin client computers, Portable data input terminals, Air compressors, Gas generators, Acoustic ear muffs or defenders, Hydraulic quick connectors, Motor starter controls, Taglines, Goggles, Sound measuring apparatus or decibel meter, Below the hook device, Wire rope. For example, Allen wrenches, Chain slings, Diesel hammers, Digital ammeters, Digital torque wrenches, Emergency first aid equipment, Excavator mounted pile drivers, Extension ladders, Filter wrenches, Fixed leads, Four-point harnesses, Global positioning system GPS receivers, Gravity drop hammers, Ground release shackles, Hand-operated pumps, Hoisting equipment, Hour meters, Hydraulic impact hammers, Life jackets, Lifting sling, Lubricant dispensing funnels, Mobile radios, Multipurpose fire extinguishers, On-board computers, Pile driving analyzers, Pile driving equipment, Pile extractors, Pile threaders, Portable air compressors, Portable generators, Protective ear muffs, Quick-disconnect hose couplers, Ratchet release shackles, Remote control pendants, Rope taglines, Safety goggles, Saximeters, Spreader beams, Swinging leads, Wire ropes. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Transportation, Engineering and Technology, Design, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Monitoring, Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Pile Driver Operators occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Crane and Tower Operators, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door, Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
