"document"
"A Roofers is someone who Cover roofs of structures with shingles, slate, asphalt, aluminum, wood, or related materials. May spray roofs, sidings, and walls with material to bind, seal, insulate, or soundproof sections of structures. . The Roofers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Inspect problem roofs to determine the best repair procedures., Remove snow, water, or debris from roofs prior to applying roofing materials., Set up scaffolding to provide safe access to roofs., Estimate materials and labor required to complete roofing jobs., Cement or nail flashing strips of metal or shingle over joints to make them watertight., Install partially overlapping layers of material over roof insulation surfaces, using chalk lines, gauges on shingling hatchets, or lines on shingles., Cut felt, shingles, or strips of flashing to fit angles formed by walls, vents, or intersecting roof surfaces., Apply plastic coatings, membranes, fiberglass, or felt over sloped roofs before applying shingles., Install, repair, or replace single-ply roofing systems, using waterproof sheet materials such as modified plastics, elastomeric, or other asphaltic compositions., Attach roofing paper to roofs in overlapping strips to form bases for other materials., Cover roofs or exterior walls of structures with slate, asphalt, aluminum, wood, gravel, gypsum, or related materials, using brushes, knives, punches, hammers, or other tools., Waterproof or damp-proof walls, floors, roofs, foundations, or basements by painting or spraying surfaces with waterproof coatings or by attaching waterproofing membranes to surfaces., Apply reflective roof coatings, such as special paints or single-ply roofing sheets, to existing roofs to reduce solar heat absorption., Apply alternate layers of hot asphalt or tar and roofing paper to roofs., Install vapor barriers or layers of insulation on flat roofs., Cover exposed nailheads with roofing cement or caulking to prevent water leakage or rust., Smooth rough spots to prepare surfaces for waterproofing, using hammers, chisels, or rubbing bricks., Glaze top layers to make a smooth finish or embed gravel in the bitumen for rough surfaces., Mop or pour hot asphalt or tar onto roof bases., Install attic ventilation systems, such as turbine vents, gable or ridge vents, or conventional or solar-powered exhaust fans., Install skylights on roofs to increase natural light inside structures or to reduce energy costs., Apply gravel or pebbles over top layers of roofs, using rakes or stiff-bristled brooms., Install solar roofing systems that have energy-collecting photovoltaic panels built into roofing membranes, shingles, or tiles., Spray roofs, sidings, or walls to bind, seal, insulate, or soundproof sections of structures, using spray guns, air compressors, or heaters., Attach solar panels to existing roofs, according to specifications and without damaging roofing materials or the structural integrity of buildings., Punch holes in slate, tile, terra cotta, or wooden shingles, using punches and hammers., Apply modular soil- and plant-containing grids over existing roof membranes to create green roofs., Install layers of vegetation-based green roofs, including protective membranes, drainage, aeration, water retention and filter layers, soil substrates, irrigation materials, and plants..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer aided design CAD software, Data base user interface and query software, Analytical or scientific software, Project management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Operating system software, Word processing software. Examples include AppliCad Roof Wizard, ASR Software LWC-Plus, ASR Software Taper-Plus, ASR Software TopView LE, ASR Software TopView ME, CADAFIS, DigiTools Roof CAD, Energy cost evaluation software, Exele TopView, Humidity and vapor drive calculation software, Insight Direct ServiceCEO, Maintenance record software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Roof Pro Estimate Software Roof Pro, Roofing Calculator, RoofLogic, Spreadsheet software, Wintac Pro, Word processing software, Ziatek RoofDraw. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Angle brackets, Air compressors, Utility knives, Axes, Manual press brake, Bituminous material distributors, Hatchets, Caulking guns, Chalk lines, Ladders, Power saws, Claw hammer, Metal folding machine, Shears, Tinners snips, Punching pliers, Blow torch, Desktop computers, Kettle exchangers, Pipe bending tools, Liquid leak detectors, Safety harnesses or belts, Chip Spreaders, Cold chisels, Staple guns, Hammers, Hydraulic hand crimp tool, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Sheet metal pliers, Soldering iron, Blocks or pulleys, Air dryers, Heat guns, Hoists, Heat tracing equipment, Safety shoes, Scaffolding stabilizers, Scaffolding, Laser printers, Tape measures, Measuring wheels for distance, Pullers, Notebook computers, Personal computers, Personal digital assistant PDAs or organizers, Pneumatic nail drivers, Trowels, Rivet tools, Power drills, Cutting machines, Hip and ridge, Pry bars, Putty knives, Magnetic tools, Safety hooks, Protractors, Power nail guns, Scaffolding handrail, Swaging tools, Fall protection lanyard, Seam welder, Tongs, Shovels, Anvils, Roofing mop, Scales, Welding masks, Wood chisels. For example, Adjustable roof brackets, Air compressors, Angle knives, Axes, Bench-mount hand brakes, Bitumen applicators, Carpenters' hatchets, Caulking guns, Chalk line markers, Chicken ladders, Circular saws, Claw hammers, Cleat benders, Clipping shears, Compound snips, Core cutters, Corner roofing seamers, Desktop computers, Double-burner pump kettles, Double-lock seamers, Downspout crimpers, Draw knives, Electronic leak detectors, Fall arrest systems, Fixed-roof brackets, Foot squaring shears, Gas-powered chop saws, Gravelers, Grooving tools, Hammer tackers, Hammers, Hand crimpers, Hand punches, Hand roofing double seamers, Heat welders, Heating torches, Hoisting wheels, Hot air blowers, Hot air welding machines, Hot or cold process power gravelers, Hydraulic swing beam hoists, Infrared thermometers, Korker cleats, Ladder braces, Ladder jacks, Ladder levelers, Ladder standoffs, Ladders, Laser printers, Long ladder hoisting wheels, Measuring tapes, Measuring wheels, Membrane slitters, Metric roofing hatchets, Nail hammers, Nail pullers, Nail strippers, Notebook computers, Personal computers, Personal digital assistants PDA, Plastic hammers, Pneumatic air nailers, Pointing trowels, Pop rivet guns, Power drills, Power hoists, Power roof cutters, Power roof rippers, Propane torches, Pry bars, Putty knives, Reciprocating saws, Riggers' axes, Rip hammers, Rolling magnetic sweepers, Roof dryers, Roof hooks, Roof pitch finders, Roofing coil nailers, Roofing guardrails, Roofing knives, Roofing layout tapes, Roofing seamers, Roofing shoes, Roofing spades, Roofing tearoff forks, Rotary machines, Round-point trowels, Safety belts, Safety lanyards, Scaffolding, Scraper/pullers, Seam finishing machines, Seaming chisels, Seaming hammers, Seaming pliers, Semiautomatic welding machines, Shake tear-off tools, Shears, Sheet metal hand tongs, Shingle ladder hoists, Shingle rippers, Shingle saws, Shingle shovels, Short ladder hoisting wheels, Single burner draw kettles, Single burner pump kettles, Single seamers, Slate cutters, Slate hammers, Slate rippers, Slaters' anvils, Snips, Soldering irons, Spud bars, Spud/scraper bars, Standard roofing hatchets, Straight snips, Tar mops, Tear-off bars, Tear-off shovels, Tin snips, Tinsmith pliers, Torches, Triangular scales, Trolley track hoists, Trowels, Two-handed edgers, Utility knives, Welding hoods, Wood chisels, Wood shingling hatchets, Wrecking bars. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Stamina, Extent Flexibility, Gross Body Coordination, Gross Body Equilibrium, Near Vision, Far Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Design, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, Education and Training, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Critical Thinking, Coordination. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Roofers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters, Boilermakers, Hazardous Materials Removal Workers, Commercial Divers, Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 7.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 7.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Roofers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
