"document"
"A Glaziers is someone who Install glass in windows, skylights, store fronts, and display cases, or on surfaces, such as building fronts, interior walls, ceilings, and tabletops. . The Glaziers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Read and interpret blueprints or specifications to determine size, shape, color, type, or thickness of glass, location of framing, installation procedures, or staging or scaffolding materials required., Determine plumb of walls or ceilings, using plumb lines and levels., Install pre-assembled metal or wood frameworks for windows or doors to be fitted with glass panels, using hand tools., Fabricate or install metal sashes or moldings for glass installation, using aluminum or steel framing., Operate cranes or hoists with suction cups to lift large, heavy pieces of glass., Set glass doors into frames and bolt metal hinges, handles, locks, or other hardware to attach doors to frames and walls., Cut, fit, install, repair, or replace glass or glass substitutes, such as plastic or aluminum, in building interiors or exteriors or in furniture or other products., Drive trucks to installation sites and unload mirrors, glass equipment, or tools., Load and arrange glass or mirrors onto delivery trucks, using suction cups or cranes to lift glass., Measure mirrors and dimensions of areas to be covered to determine work procedures., Cut and attach mounting strips, metal or wood moldings, rubber gaskets, or metal clips to surfaces in preparation for mirror installation., Pack spaces between moldings and glass with glazing compounds and trim excess material with glazing knives., Assemble, erect, or dismantle scaffolds, rigging, or hoisting equipment., Cut and remove broken glass prior to installing replacement glass., Secure mirrors in position, using mastic cement, putty, bolts, or screws., Measure and mark outlines or patterns on glass to indicate cutting lines., Grind or polish glass, smoothing edges when necessary., Fasten glass panes into wood sashes or frames with clips, points, or moldings, adding weather seals or putty around pane edges to seal joints., Score glass with cutters' wheels, breaking off excess glass by hand or with notched tools., Cut, assemble, fit, or attach metal-framed glass enclosures for showers, bathtubs, display cases, skylights, solariums, or other structures., Prepare glass for cutting by resting it on rack edges or against cutting tables and brushing thin layer of oil along cutting lines or dipping cutting tools in oil., Move furniture to clear work sites and cover floors or furnishings with drop cloths., Confer with customers to determine project requirements or to provide cost estimates., Select the type or color of glass or mirror according to specifications., Measure, cut, fit, and press anti-glare adhesive film to glass or spray glass with tinting solution to prevent light glare., Assemble and cement sections of stained glass together., Create patterns on glass by etching, sandblasting, or painting designs..  They also know about using the following technology: Project management software, Computer aided design CAD software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Operating system software, Data base user interface and query software. Examples include American Glazing Software AGS WindowPricer, BidMaster, D-CALC FACADE 4000, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Windows, Work order software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Hex keys, Glass cutters, Grinding or polishing machines, Metal cutters, Bastard cut file, Power grinders, Manlift or personnel lift, Levels, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Claw hammer, Cold chisels, Squares, Power drills, Countersinks, Power saws, Hammers, Desktop computers, Drilling machines, Drum sander, Locking pliers, Razor knives, Screwdrivers, Forklifts, Hand clamps, Dollies, Protective gloves, Hold down clamps, Lifts, Flat nose pliers, Tongs, Hacksaw, Flat hand file, Sheet metal pliers, Hand sprayers, Hard hats, Hoists, Ladders, Leg protectors, Lifelines or lifeline equipment, Lifting hooks, Mallets, Tape measures, Milling machines, Nibblers, Nut drivers, Open end wrenches, Track cranes, Platform lift, Plumb bobs, Point drivers or accessories for picture frames, Power sanders, Demolition hammers, Sawing machines, Power screwguns, Blow torch, Protective aprons, Protective shirts, Pry bars, Putty knives, Ratchets, Respirators, Rivet tools, Round file, Rubber mallet, Rulers, Goggles, Fall protection lanyard, Pneumatic sanding machines, Saws, Scaffolding, Scribers, Shackle, Mill saw file, Bevels, Slings, Soldering iron, Spatulas, Spot welding machine, Below the hook device, Straight edges, Torque wrenches, Triangles, Utility knives, Suction cups, Pressure or steam cleaners, Wood chisels. For example, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Allen wrenches, Automatic cutting tables, Automatic diamond wheel edgers, Automatic vertical edging machines, Aviation snips, Bastard files, Bench grinders, Bosun chairs, Builders' levels, Center punches, Claw hammers, Cold chisels, Combination squares, Cordless drills, Countersinks, Cutoff saws, Dead-blow hammers, Desktop computers, Drill presses, Drum sanders, Duck-billed locking pliers, Edge scrapers, Electric drills, Finger pull machines, Flat head screwdrivers, Forklifts, Glass bevelers, Glass clamps, Glass cutters, Glass dollies, Glass drilling machines, Glass edgers, Glass gloves, Glass holders, Glass lifters, Glass pliers, Glass routers, Glass saws, Glass tongs, Grinding tools, Hacksaws, Half moon files, Hammers, Hand seamers, Hand sprayers, Hard hats, Hoists, Jig saws, L-squares, Ladders, Laser levels, Leg protectors, Levels, Lifelines, Lifting hooks, Locking pliers, Mallets, Measuring tapes, Metal cutting shears, Milling machines, Nibblers, Notched glass-breaking tools, Nut drivers, Open end wrenches, Overhead cranes, Phillips head screwdrivers, Platform lifts, Plumb bobs, Point drivers, Polishing machines, Portable air routers, Portable belt sanders, Power hammers, Power miter saws, Power saws, Power screwguns, Propane torches, Protective aprons, Protective sleeves, Pry bars, Putty knives, Radial arm saws, Ratchet sets, Reciprocating saws, Respirators, Riveting tools, Robertson screwdrivers, Round files, Rubber mallets, Rulers, Saber saws, Safety gloves, Safety goggles, Safety lanyards, Sandblasters, Saws, Scaffolding, Scoring tools, Screwdrivers, Scribers, Self-propelled elevated work platforms, Shackles, Shin protectors, Side cutters, Single-cut mill saw files, Sliding bevels, Slings, Soldering equipment, Spatulas, Spirit levels, Spot-welding equipment, Spreader beams, Squares, Story pole tape measures, Straightedges, Swing stages, Table saws, Telescoping measuring rods, Torque wrenches, Triangles, Upright belt sanders, Utility knives, Vacuum cups, Water blasting equipment, Wheel cutters, Wood chisels. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Gross Body Equilibrium, Near Vision, Far Vision, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Design, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Critical Thinking, Coordination. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Glaziers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters, Boilermakers, Crane and Tower Operators, Commercial Divers, Maintenance Workers, Machinery. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 7.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 7.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Glaziers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. "
