"document"
"A Tile and Stone Setters is someone who Apply hard tile, stone, and comparable materials to walls, floors, ceilings, countertops, and roof decks. . The Tile and Stone Setters  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Align and straighten tile using levels, squares, and straightedges., Finish and dress the joints and wipe excess grout from between tiles, using damp sponge., Cut and shape tile to fit around obstacles and into odd spaces and corners, using hand and power cutting tools., Determine and implement the best layout to achieve a desired pattern., Mix, apply, and spread plaster, concrete, mortar, cement, mastic, glue or other adhesives to form a bed for the tiles, using brush, trowel and screed., Study blueprints and examine surface to be covered to determine amount of material needed., Measure and mark surfaces to be tiled, following blueprints., Lay and set mosaic tiles to create decorative wall, mural, and floor designs., Apply mortar to tile back, position the tile, and press or tap with trowel handle to affix tile to base., Mix and apply mortar or cement to edges and ends of drain tiles to seal halves and joints., Apply a sealer to make grout stain- and water-resistant., Level concrete and allow to dry., Measure and cut metal lath to size for walls and ceilings, using tin snips., Install and anchor fixtures in designated positions, using hand tools., Prepare surfaces for tiling by attaching lath or waterproof paper, or by applying a cement mortar coat to a metal screen., Remove and replace cracked or damaged tile., Cut tile backing to required size, using shears., Remove any old tile, grout and adhesive using chisels and scrapers and clean the surface carefully., Cut, surface, polish, and install marble and granite or install pre-cast terrazzo, granite or marble units., Spread mastic or other adhesive base on roof deck to form base for promenade tile, using serrated spreader., Assist customers in selection of tile and grout., Prepare cost and labor estimates, based on calculations of time and materials needed for project., Brush glue onto manila paper on which design has been drawn and position tiles, finished side down, onto paper., Select and order tile and other items to be installed, such as bathroom accessories, walls, panels, and cabinets, according to specifications., Build underbeds and install anchor bolts, wires, and brackets..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Computer aided design CAD software, Project management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Operating system software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Customer relationship management CRM software. Examples include Aya Associates Comp-U-Floor, EasyCAD Iris 2D, Measure Square FloorEstimate Pro, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft operating system, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Salesforce software, TileGem. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Acoustic ear muffs or defenders, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Air compressors, Angle grinder, Articulating boom lift, Power grinders, Bench vises, Blow torch, Levels, Floats, Trowels, Caulking guns, Chalk lines, Demolition hammers, Claw hammer, Cold chisels, Plaster or mortar mixers, Second cut file, Dust collectors, Masks or accessories, Ear plugs, Winches, Air exhausters, Eyewashers or eye wash stations, Facial shields, Safety harnesses or belts, Floor polishers, Floor scrapers, Floor scrubbers, Gas generators, Goggles, Abrasive stones, Power saws, Razor knives, Hacksaw, Power drills, Hammers, Hard hats, Glue guns, Pneumatic hammer, Scaffolding, Ladders, Squares, Tape measures, Lifelines or lifeline equipment, Mallets, Pry bars, Notebook computers, Personal computers, Plumb bobs, Power buffers, Power chippers, Power routers, Scarifiers, Putty knives, Respirators, Safety glasses, Protective gloves, Scissor lift or lift table, Concrete spreaders, Screwdrivers, Socket sets, Spatulas, Power screwguns, Staple guns, Straight edges, Suction cups, Tile cutter, Tinners snips, Level sensors or transmitters, Utility knives, Wet or dry combination vacuum cleaners. For example, Acoustic ear muffs or defenders, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Air compressors, Angle grinders, Articulating boom lifts, Base grinders, Bench vises, Blow torches, Builders' levels, Bull floats, Buttering trowels, Caulking guns, Chalk lines, Chipping hammers, Claw hammers, Cold chisels, Colloidal mixers, Double-sided files, Drum cement mixers, Dust collectors, Dust masks, Ear plugs, Electric winches, Exhaust fans, Eyewash facilities, Face shields, Fall arrest systems, Finishing trowels, Flat trowels, Floor grinding machines, Floor polishers, Floor scrapers, Floor scrubbers, Gas generators, Gauging trowels, Goggles, Grinding stones, Grout floats, Grout saws, Grout scrapers, Grouting trowels, Hacksaws, Hammer drills, Hammers, Hard hats, Heavy gauge trowels, Horizontal shaft mixers, Hot glue guns, Jackhammers, Ladder jacks, Ladders, Laser levels, Laser squares, Layout sticks, Levels, Lifelines, Magnesium floats, Mallets, Margin trowels, Mechanical scaffolds, Mini grinders, Mixing drills, Molding prybars, Notch trowels, Notebook computers, Pan mixers, Personal computers, Plumb bobs, Point trowels, Polishers, Portable mortar mixers, Power buffers, Power chisels, Power drills, Power routers, Power scarifiers, Power tile saws, Power undercut saws, Pry bars, Putty knives, Respirators, Rolling scaffolds, Rubber hammers, Safety glasses, Safety gloves, Scaffolding, Scissor lifts, Screeds, Screwdrivers, Serrated spreaders, Socket wrench sets, Spreader spatulas, Squares, Stand-up screw guns, Staple guns, Stationary scaffolds, Stone grinders, Stone polishers, Story pole tape measures, Straightedges, Suction cups, Tape measures, Tile cutters, Tile grout cleaning machines, Tile nippers, Tin snips, Transit levels, Utility knives, Vertical shaft mixers, Water levels, Wet saws, Wet-dry vacuums, Wonder bars, Wood floats. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Stamina, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Design, Building and Construction, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Mathematics, Critical Thinking, Coordination. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Tile and Stone Setters occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Stonemasons, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters, Patternmakers, Wood. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 7.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 7.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tile and Stone Setters. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
