"document"
"A Structural Iron and Steel Workers is someone who Raise, place, and unite iron or steel girders, columns, and other structural members to form completed structures or structural frameworks. May erect metal storage tanks and assemble prefabricated metal buildings. . The Structural Iron and Steel Workers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Read specifications or blueprints to determine the locations, quantities, or sizes of materials required., Connect columns, beams, and girders with bolts, following blueprints and instructions from supervisors., Bolt aligned structural steel members in position for permanent riveting, bolting, or welding into place., Fasten structural steel members to hoist cables, using chains, cables, or rope., Hoist steel beams, girders, or columns into place, using cranes or signaling hoisting equipment operators to lift and position structural steel members., Verify vertical and horizontal alignment of structural steel members, using plumb bobs, laser equipment, transits, or levels., Cut, bend, or weld steel pieces, using metal shears, torches, or welding equipment., Erect metal or precast concrete components for structures, such as buildings, bridges, dams, towers, storage tanks, fences, or highway guard rails., Force structural steel members into final positions, using turnbuckles, crowbars, jacks, or hand tools., Pull, push, or pry structural steel members into approximate positions for bolting into place., Unload and position prefabricated steel units for hoisting, as needed., Drive drift pins through rivet holes to align rivet holes in structural steel members with corresponding holes in previously placed members., Assemble hoisting equipment or rigging, such as cables, pulleys, or hooks, to move heavy equipment or materials., Fabricate metal parts, such as steel frames, columns, beams, or girders, according to blueprints or instructions from supervisors., Dismantle structures or equipment., Ride on girders or other structural steel members to position them, or use rope to guide them into position., Hold rivets while riveters use air hammers to form heads on rivets., Insert sealing strips, wiring, insulating material, ladders, flanges, gauges, or valves, depending on types of structures being assembled., Place blocks under reinforcing bars used to reinforce floors., Catch hot rivets in buckets and insert rivets in holes, using tongs..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer aided design CAD software, Project management software, Inventory management software, Electronic mail software, Accounting software. Examples include Computer aided design CAD software, Cost estimating software, Inventory tracking software, Microsoft Outlook, Project scheduling software, Turtle Creek Software Goldenseal. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Air compressors, Blow torch, Bolt cutters, Drive pins, C clamps, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Chalk lines, Cold chisels, Squares, Pry bars, Power saws, Sheet metal forming machine, Ear plugs, Power drills, Fire extinguishers, Screwdrivers, Forge die, Plaster or mortar mixers, Hacksaw, Hammers, Hard hats, Hydraulic pumps, Jacks, Ladders, Levels, Life vests or preservers, Notebook computers, Open end wrenches, Personal computers, Pipe wrenches, Plasma arc welding machine, Plumb bobs, Pneumatic hammer, Spot welding machine, Power grinders, Lifts, Protective coveralls, Safety harnesses or belts, Respirators, Rivet tools, Power riveter, Tongs, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Rubber mallet, Safety boots, Safety glasses, Protective gloves, Fall protection lanyard, Scaffolding, Scribers, End cut pliers, Mill saw file, Sledge hammer, Slings, Socket sets, Below the hook device, Specialty wrenches, Staple guns, Lighters, Manlift or personnel lift, Tape measures, Tinners snips, Hoists, Two way radios, Utility knives, Locking pliers, Welder gloves, Welding masks, Welding or cutting tip, Winches, Wire brushes, Workshop cranes. For example, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Air compressors, Blow torches, Bolt cutters, Bull pins, C clamps, Center punches, Chalk lines, Cold chisels, Combination squares, Crowbars, Cutoff saws, Decoilers, Drift pins, Ear plugs, Electric drills, Fire extinguishers, Flat head screwdrivers, Forging dies, Grout mixers, Hacksaws, Hammers, Hard hats, Hydraulic pumps, Jacks, Ladders, Laser levels, Life preservers, Notebook computers, Open end wrenches, Personal computers, Phillips head screwdrivers, Pipe wrenches, Plasma cutters, Plumb bobs, Pneumatic hammers, Portable welding machines, Power grinders, Power lifts, Protective coveralls, Protective harnesses, Respirators, Rivet busters, Rivet guns, Rivet tongs, Robertson screwdrivers, Rod ovens, Rubber mallets, Safety belts, Safety boots, Safety glasses, Safety gloves, Safety lanyards, Scaffolding, Scribers, Side cutting pliers, Single-cut mill saw files, Sledgehammers, Slings, Socket wrench sets, Spreader beams, Spud wrenches, Squares, Staple guns, Stressing jacks, Strikers, Swing stages, Tape measures, Tin snips, Tongs, Torpedo levels, Tuggers, Two way radios, Utility knives, Vise grip pliers, Welding gloves, Welding helmets, Welding hoods, Welding tips, Winches, Wire brushes, Workshop cranes. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Dynamic Strength, Trunk Strength, Stamina, Extent Flexibility, Gross Body Coordination, Gross Body Equilibrium, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Structural Iron and Steel Workers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Boilermakers, Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Commercial Divers, Crane and Tower Operators. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Structural Iron and Steel Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
