"document"
"A Tapers is someone who Seal joints between plasterboard or other wallboard to prepare wall surface for painting or papering. . The Tapers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Spread sealing compound between boards or panels or over cracks, holes, nail heads, or screw heads, using trowels, broadknives, or spatulas., Press paper tape over joints to embed tape into sealing compound and to seal joints., Apply additional coats to fill in holes and make surfaces smooth., Seal joints between plasterboard or other wallboard to prepare wall surfaces for painting or papering., Spread and smooth cementing material over tape, using trowels or floating machines to blend joints with wall surfaces., Sand or patch nicks or cracks in plasterboard or wallboard., Mix sealing compounds by hand or with portable electric mixers., Work on high ceilings, using scaffolding or other tools, such as stilts., Select the correct sealing compound or tape., Countersink nails or screws below surfaces of walls before applying sealing compounds, using hammers or screwdrivers., Remove extra compound after surfaces have been covered sufficiently., Install metal molding at wall corners to secure wallboard., Apply texturizing compounds or primers to walls or ceilings before final finishing, using trowels, brushes, rollers, or spray guns., Check adhesives to ensure that they will work and will remain durable., Sand rough spots of dried cement between applications of compounds., Use mechanical applicators that spread compounds and embed tape in one operation..  They also know about using the following technology: Accounting software, Project management software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Office suite software. Examples include Applied Computer Systems JOBPOWER, Construction Software Center EasyEst, DevWave Estimate Works, Intuit QuickBooks, Microsoft Dynamics, Microsoft Office software, On Center Quick Bid, Turtle Creek Software Goldenseal. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Air compressors, Applicator brushes, Tape guide, Putty knives, Paint rollers, Plaster or mortar mixers, Power sanders, Saws, Ladders, Trowels, Masks or accessories, Goggles, Hand sprayers, Vacuum cleaners, Power drills, Notebook computers, Personal computers, Scaffolding, Screwdrivers, Paint brushes, Utility knives, Spatulas. For example, Air compressors, Application brushes, Automatic taping tools, Banjo drywall tapers, Corner knives, Corner rollers, Drywall knockdown knives, Drywall mud mixers, Drywall power sanders, Drywall saws, Drywall stilts, Drywall taping knives, Drywall trowels, Dust masks, Feather edge drywall darbies, Goggles, Hand operated spray guns, Hopper guns, Industrial vacuums, Joint knives, Ladders, Mud mixing drills, Notebook computers, Patch guns, Personal computers, Pivoting drywall knives, Putty knives, Radius trowels, Scaffolding, Screwdrivers, Texture brushes, Texture rollers, Texture sprayers, Utility knives, Wall scrapers, Wipe-down knives. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Self-Control, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Building and Construction to do their job well.  Their average day consists of the following activities Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Tapers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Stonemasons, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tapers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
