"document"
"A Stonemasons is someone who Build stone structures, such as piers, walls, and abutments. Lay walks, curbstones, or special types of masonry for vats, tanks, and floors. . The Stonemasons  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Lay out wall patterns or foundations, using straight edge, rule, or staked lines., Shape, trim, face and cut marble or stone preparatory to setting, using power saws, cutting equipment, and hand tools., Set vertical and horizontal alignment of structures, using plumb bob, gauge line, and level., Mix mortar or grout and pour or spread mortar or grout on marble slabs, stone, or foundation., Remove wedges, fill joints between stones, finish joints between stones, using a trowel, and smooth the mortar to an attractive finish, using a tuck pointer., Set stone or marble in place, according to layout or pattern., Clean excess mortar or grout from surface of marble, stone, or monument, using sponge, brush, water, or acid., Lay brick to build shells of chimneys and smokestacks or to line or reline industrial furnaces, kilns, boilers and similar installations., Replace broken or missing masonry units in walls or floors., Smooth, polish, and bevel surfaces, using hand tools and power tools., Drill holes in marble or ornamental stone and anchor brackets in holes., Repair cracked or chipped areas of stone or marble, using blowtorch and mastic, and remove rough or defective spots from concrete, using power grinder or chisel and hammer., Remove sections of monument from truck bed, and guide stone onto foundation, using skids, hoist, or truck crane., Construct and install prefabricated masonry units., Dig trench for foundation of monument, using pick and shovel., Position mold along guidelines of wall, press mold in place, and remove mold and paper from wall., Line interiors of molds with treated paper and fill molds with composition-stone mixture..  They also know about using the following technology: Access software, Project management software, Analytical or scientific software, Accounting software, Web platform development software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software, Computer aided design CAD software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Network security or virtual private network VPN management software. Examples include Citrix cloud computing software, CPR Visual Estimator, Gregg Software Gregg Rock-It, Intuit QuickBooks, Microsoft Active Server Pages ASP, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Word, ProEst Software ProEst Estimating, RISA Technologies RISA-3D, SAP software, Tradesman&apos;s Software Master Estimator, Virtual private networking VPN software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Hammers, Cold chisels, Angle grinder, Forklift or elevator accessories or supplies, Stonemason hammer, Trowels, Winches, Hand clamps, Demolition hammers, Power saws, Claw hammer, Power drills, Plaster or mortar mixers, Respirators, Dust collectors, Masks or accessories, Safety harnesses or belts, Rulers, Facial shields, Bridge cranes, Abrasive stones, Floats, Hacksaw, Hand sprayers, Blow torch, Hoists, Jacks, Pneumatic hammer, Levels, Plumb bobs, Lifting hooks, Lifelines or lifeline equipment, Loading equipment, Suction cups, Forklifts, Hard hats, Safety glasses, Straight edges, Utility knives, Tape measures, Power grinders, Hoes, Personal computers, Pry bars, Air compressors, Pneumatic grinders, Grinding or polishing machines, Workshop cranes, Acoustic ear muffs or defenders, Ear plugs, Slings, Picks, Blocks or pulleys, Shovels, Rubber mallet, Goggles, Pneumatic sanding machines, Double ended stud, Pallet trucks, Scaffolding, Pressure or steam cleaners, Wire brushes, Sponges, Dollies, End cut pliers, Power buffers, Power routers, Cutting machines, Wedges, Level sensors or transmitters, Conventional truck cranes, Flat taper file, Wet or dry combination vacuum cleaners, Templates. For example, 12 pound sledge hammers, 16 pound sledge hammers, 8 pound sledge hammers, Angle chisels, Angle grinders, Boom lifts, Brick hammers, Bush hammers, Buttering trowels, Cable winches, Cape chisels, Carry clamps, Chipping hammers, Circular saws, Claw hammers, Concave jointers, Concrete saws, Cross pein sledge hammers, Drill machines, Drum mortar mixers, Dust and particulate respirators, Dust collection systems, Dust masks, Electric mortar mixers, Electric winches, Fall arrest systems, Flat chisels, Folding rulers, Forklift booms, Full face shields, Gantry cranes, Gauging trowels, Grinding stones, Grout floats, Hacksaws, Hammer drills, Hand held sprayers, Hand torches, Hand tracers, Heating torches, Horizontal shaft mixers, Hydraulic hoists, Hydraulic jacks, Jackhammers, Jointers, Laser levels, Laser plumb bobs, Lewis pins, Lifelines, Lifting spreaders, Lifting suction cups, Margin trowels, Masonry forklifts, Masonry hard hats, Masonry levels, Masonry plumb bobs, Masonry safety glasses, Masonry saws, Masonry straight edges, Masonry utility knives, Measuring tapes, Mini grinders, Mixing drills, Mortar hoes, Oxygen lances, Pan mixers, Personal computers, Pinch bars, Pitching chisels, Pneumatic air compressors, Pneumatic chisels, Pneumatic stone grinders, Point chisels, Pointing trowels, Polishing machines, Portable cranes, Power hoists, Protective ear muffs, Protective ear plugs, Rigging equipment, Rock picks, Rondel chisels, Rope and pulley systems, Round point shovels, Rubber mallets, Safety goggles, Safety harnesses, Safety masks, Sandblasters, Setting bars, Shims, Slab trolleys, Stationary scaffolds, Steam cleaning equipment, Steel wire stone brushes, Stone cleaning sponges, Stone dollies, Stone grinders, Stone lifting clamps, Stone mason's hammers, Stone nippers, Stone polishers, Stone routers, Stone splitters, Stone splitting wedges, Story pole tape measures, Swing-stage scaffolds, Tooth chisels, Transit levels, Truck cranes, Tuck pointers, Vacuum lifts, Vertical shaft mixers, Vixen files, Wet stone saws, Wet-dry vacuums, Wooden templates. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Visualization, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Multilimb Coordination, Static Strength, Dynamic Strength, Trunk Strength, Stamina, Extent Flexibility, Gross Body Coordination, Near Vision, Far Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Design, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, Education and Training, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Coordination, Complex Problem Solving, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Stonemasons occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Museum Technicians and Conservators, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health, Solar Energy Systems Engineers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 13.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 13.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Stonemasons. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. "
