"document"
"A Hazardous Materials Removal Workers is someone who Identify, remove, pack, transport, or dispose of hazardous materials, including asbestos, lead-based paint, waste oil, fuel, transmission fluid, radioactive materials, or contaminated soil. Specialized training and certification in hazardous materials handling or a confined entry permit are generally required. May operate earth-moving equipment or trucks. . The Hazardous Materials Removal Workers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Build containment areas prior to beginning abatement or decontamination work., Remove asbestos or lead from surfaces, using hand or power tools such as scrapers, vacuums, or high-pressure sprayers., Identify asbestos, lead, or other hazardous materials to be removed, using monitoring devices., Prepare hazardous material for removal or storage., Comply with prescribed safety procedures or federal laws regulating waste disposal methods., Load or unload materials into containers or onto trucks, using hoists or forklifts., Clean contaminated equipment or areas for reuse, using detergents or solvents, sandblasters, filter pumps, or steam cleaners., Remove or limit contamination following emergencies involving hazardous substances., Clean mold-contaminated sites by removing damaged porous materials or thoroughly cleaning all contaminated nonporous materials., Operate machines or equipment to remove, package, store, or transport loads of waste materials., Record numbers of containers stored at disposal sites, specifying amounts or types of equipment or waste disposed., Sort specialized hazardous waste at landfills or disposal centers, following proper disposal procedures., Operate cranes to move or load baskets, casks, or canisters., Drive trucks or other heavy equipment to convey contaminated waste to designated sea or ground locations., Identify or separate waste products or materials for recycling or reuse., Upload baskets of irradiated elements onto machines that insert fuel elements into canisters and secure lids., Process e-waste, such as computer components containing lead or mercury., Organize or track the locations of hazardous items in landfills., Mix or pour concrete into forms to encase waste material for disposal., Apply bioremediation techniques to hazardous wastes to allow naturally occurring bacteria to break down toxic substances., Package, store, or move irradiated fuel elements in the underwater storage basins of nuclear reactor plants, using machines or equipment..  They also know about using the following technology: Facilities management software, Data base user interface and query software, Internet browser software, Inventory management software, Enterprise application integration software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software. Examples include Computerized maintenance management system software CMMS, Database software, Internet browser software, Inventory management systems, Jenkins CI, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Presentation software, SAP software, Spreadsheet software, Word processing software, Xactware Xactimate. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Air samplers or collectors, Air pollutant samplers, Air sampling pumps, Air scrubbers, Radiation detectors, Sample holders, Blowers, Borescope inspection equipment, Wheel bulldozers, Reagent kits for use with air samplers, Protective aprons, Hazardous material protective footwear, Hazardous material protective apparel, Protective coveralls, Facial shields, Protective gloves, Protective hood, Hand sprayers, Claw hammer, Multi gas monitors, Gas detector tubes, Explosimeters, Concrete mixers or plants, Pry bars, Absorbent booms, Portable data input terminals, Decontamination shower, Dehumidifiers, Desktop computers, Dosimeters, Dredgers, Dust collectors, Track excavators, Eyewashers or eye wash stations, Filtering machinery, Vacuum cleaners, Flame ionization analyzers, Spectrophotometers, Liquid chromatographs, Forklifts, Gas chromatographs, Gas detectors, Water samplers, Power grinders, Fire retardant apparel, Hoists, Hydraulic truck cranes, Hygrometers, Infrared spectrometers, Ladders, Cargo trucks, Chemistry test kits or supplies, Light trucks or sport utility vehicles, Liquid leak detectors, Pick or place robots, Moisture meters, Respirators, Notebook computers, Nut drivers, Single gas monitors, Personal computers, pH meters, Ion analyzers, Pneumatic sanding machines, Positive displacement pumps, Respiration air supplying self contained breathing apparatus or accessories, Power sanders, Putty knives, Radon detectors, Safety glasses, Scaffolding, Scrapers, Screwdrivers, Shovels, Soil core sampling apparatus, Soil testing kits, Pressure or steam cleaners, Tablet computers, Conventional truck cranes, Two way radios, Utility knives, Vacuum pumps, Minivans or vans, Air exhausters, Fans, Winches, Wire cutters, Spectrofluorimeters or fluorimeters. For example, Adjustable wrenches, Aerosol meters, Air monitoring equipment, Air pollutant monitors, Air sampling devices, Air sampling pumps, Air scrubbers, Alpha radiation meters, Asbestos sample containers, Beta radiation meters, Blowers, Borescopes, Bulldozers, Chemical agent detectors, Chemical protective aprons, Chemical protective boots, Chemical protective clothing, Chemical protective coveralls, Chemical protective face shields, Chemical protective gloves, Chemical protective head covers, Chemical solution sprayers, Claw hammers, Color changing gas detection devices, Colorimetric detector tubes/badges, Combustible gas indicators, Concrete mixers, Crowbars, Curtain booms, Dataloggers, Decontamination trailers, Decontamination units, Dehumidifiers, Desktop computers, Dosimeters, Dredges, Dust collectors, Electrochemical gas monitors, Excavators, Eyewash fountains, Filter pumps, Filtered vacuums, Flame ionization detectors FID, Flame spectroscopy detection instruments, Fluorescence immunochromatography systems, Forklifts, Gamma radiation meters, Gas chromatographs GC, Gas detector tubes, Gas leak detection devices, Groundwater sampling equipment, Handheld concrete and coating removal systems, High-efficiency particulate air HEPA vacuums, High-pressure water sprayers, High-temperature protective clothing, Hoists, Hydraulic booms, Hygrometers, Infrared IR spectrometers, Ladders, Large trucks, Lead testing kits, Level A encapsulated suits, Level B encapsulated suits, Light trucks, Liquid leak detection equipment, Liquid splash protective clothing, Mechanical arms, Moisture meters, Negative pressure respirators, Neutron detectors, Notebook computers, Nut drivers, Oleophilic booms, Oxygen concentration instruments, Personal air monitors, Personal computers, Personal protective suits, pH indicators, pH meters, Photoionization detectors PID, Pneumatic scabbling tools, Pneumatic scaling tools, Portable chemical agent detection devices, Positive displacement vacuum equipment, Positive pressure self contained breathing apparatus, Power sanders, Putty knives, Radiation survey meters, Radon detection devices, Remote control track robots, Respirators, Robotic crawler dredges, Safety glasses, Safety gloves, Sandblasters, Scaffolding, Scrapers, Screwdrivers, Self-contained protective suits, Shovels, Slurry blast equipment, Soil samplers, Soil vapor extraction units, Steam cleaning equipment, Steel shot recyclable blasting equipment, Tablet computers, Thermoluminescent dosimeters, Total vapor survey instruments, Truck cranes, Two way radios, Utility knives, Vacuum blast equipment, Vans, Vapor protective garments, Ventilation equipment, Ventilation fans, Water samplers, Water sampling pumps, Winches, Wire cutters, X ray fluorescence XRF lead testing analyzers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Transportation, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Chemistry, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Coordination, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Hazardous Materials Removal Workers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Transportation Inspectors, Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers, Solar Energy Systems Engineers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 26.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 26.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. "
