"document"
"A Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators is someone who Lay, repair, and maintain track for standard or narrow-gauge railroad equipment used in regular railroad service or in plant yards, quarries, sand and gravel pits, and mines. Includes ballast cleaning machine operators and railroad bed tamping machine operators. . The Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Construction, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Patrol assigned track sections so that damaged or broken track can be located and reported., Repair or adjust track switches, using wrenches and replacement parts., Weld sections of track together, such as switch points and frogs., Observe leveling indicator arms to verify levelness and alignment of tracks., Operate single- or multiple-head spike driving machines to drive spikes into ties and secure rails., Operate track wrenches to tighten or loosen bolts at joints that hold ends of rails together., Cut rails to specified lengths, using rail saws., Lubricate machines, change oil, or fill hydraulic reservoirs to specified levels., Drill holes through rails, tie plates, or fishplates for insertion of bolts or spikes, using power drills., Clean tracks or clear ice or snow from tracks or switch boxes., Clean, grade, or level ballast on railroad tracks., Raise rails, using hydraulic jacks, to allow for tie removal and replacement., Adjust controls of machines that spread, shape, raise, level, or align track, according to specifications., Dress and reshape worn or damaged railroad switch points or frogs, using portable power grinders., Clean or make minor repairs to machines or equipment., Grind ends of new or worn rails to attain smooth joints, using portable grinders., Operate single- or multiple-head spike pullers to pull old spikes from ties., String and attach wire-guidelines machine to rails so that tracks or rails can be aligned or leveled., Engage mechanisms that lay tracks or rails to specified gauges., Drive graders, tamping machines, brooms, or ballast spreading machines to redistribute gravel or ballast between rails., Drive vehicles that automatically move and lay tracks or rails over sections of track to be constructed, repaired, or maintained., Turn wheels of machines, using lever controls, to adjust guidelines for track alignments or grades, following specifications., Push controls to close grasping devices on track or rail sections so that they can be raised or moved., Operate tie-adzing machines to cut ties and permit insertion of fishplates that hold rails., Paint railroad signs, such as speed limits or gate-crossing warnings., Spray ties, fishplates, or joints with oil to protect them from weathering..  They also know about using the following technology: Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Time accounting software. Examples include Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Timekeeping software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Pneumatic drill, Respirators, Pneumatic impact wrenches, Backhoes, Pry bars, Dollies, Dump trucks, Safety harnesses or belts, Forklifts, Impact wrenches, Global positioning system GPS receiver, Graders, Grease guns, Portable data input terminals, Hard hats, All terrain vehicles tracked or wheeled, Jacks, Pneumatic hammer, Notebook computers, Light trucks or sport utility vehicles, Blow torch, Sprayers, Picks, Force or torque sensors, Power grinders, Pressure or steam cleaners, Precision file, Measuring tapes, Ear plugs, Pipe bending tools, Power drills, Power saws, Below the hook device, Bridge cranes, Safety glasses, Protective gloves, Shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine, Shovels, Pullers, Tampers, Cold chisels, Track bulldozers, Calipers, Hedge clippers, Spot welding machine. For example, Adjustable hand wrenches, Air drills, Air purifying respirators, Air-powered wrenches, Backhoes, Claw bars, Crowbars, Dollies, Dump trucks, Fall protection harnesses, Forklifts, Gas-powered wrenches, Global positioning system GPS receivers, Grading equipment, Grease guns, Handheld computers, Hard hats, Hi-rail vehicles, Hydraulic jacks, Jackhammers, Laptop computers, Light pickup trucks, Oxyacetylene torches, Pesticide sprayers, Picks, Pneumatic hammers, Portable track loading fixtures, Power grinders, Power washers, Precision files, Precision tape measures, Protective ear plugs, Rail benders, Rail drills, Rail profile grinders, Rail saws, Rail tongs, Rail-mounted cranes, Safety glasses, Safety gloves, Shielded arc welding tools, Shovels, Spike pullers, Tamping machines, Track chisels, Track-wrench machines, Tracked bulldozers, Vernier calipers, Weed cutters, Welders. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Dynamic Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Gross Body Coordination, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Transportation, Engineering and Technology, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Crane and Tower Operators, Commercial Divers, Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Boilermakers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 9.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 9.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Rail-Track Laying and Maintenance Equipment Operators. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
