"document"
"A Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining is someone who Operate or tend machinery at surface mining site, equipped with scoops, shovels, or buckets to excavate and load loose materials. . The Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Move levers, depress foot pedals, and turn dials to operate power machinery, such as power shovels, stripping shovels, scraper loaders, or backhoes., Set up or inspect equipment prior to operation., Become familiar with digging plans, machine capabilities and limitations, and efficient and safe digging procedures in a given application., Observe hand signals, grade stakes, or other markings when operating machines so that work can be performed to specifications., Operate machinery to perform activities such as backfilling excavations, vibrating or breaking rock or concrete, or making winter roads., Receive written or oral instructions regarding material movement or excavation., Move materials over short distances, such as around a construction site, factory, or warehouse., Create or maintain inclines or ramps., Lubricate, adjust, or repair machinery and replace parts, such as gears, bearings, or bucket teeth., Handle slides, mud, or pit cleanings or maintenance., Direct workers engaged in placing blocks or outriggers to prevent capsizing of machines when lifting heavy loads., Measure and verify levels of rock or gravel, bases, or other excavated material., Direct ground workers engaged in activities such as moving stakes or markers, or changing positions of towers., Adjust dig face angles for varying overburden depths and set lengths., Drive machines to work sites., Perform manual labor to prepare or finish sites, such as shoveling materials by hand..  They also know about using the following technology: Electronic mail software, Industrial control software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Operating system software, Word processing software. Examples include Email software, Google Gmail, Machine control systems, Machine monitoring software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Spreadsheet software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Grease guns, Batching plants or feeders, Backhoes, Claw hammer, Track excavators, Mainframe console or dumb terminals, Draglines, Earthmoving buckets or its parts or accessories, Dump trucks, Levels, Flatbed trailers, Forklifts, Wheel loaders, Front end loaders, Grapples, Slings, Locking pliers, Mobile excavators, Low bed trailer, Tape measures, Screwdrivers, Boring or sinking machinery, Acoustic ear muffs or defenders, Respirators, Rock crushers, Crusher hammer, Goggles, Skid steer loaders, Tire pressure gauge, Water trucks, Wheel chocks, Wheel excavators, Touch screen monitors. For example, Adjustable wrenches, Air grease guns, Asphalt plants, Backhoes, Claw hammers, Compact excavators, Computer terminals, Concrete plants, Crawler mounted draglines, Crusher excavator buckets, Dump trucks, Earthmover standard buckets, Engineers' levels, Excavator backhoes, Flatbed truck trailers, Forklifts, Front and back shovel wheel loaders, Front end loaders, Grading buckets, Grapplers, Grease guns, Hand grease guns, Hand levels, High bed trailers, Hydraulic excavators, Laser levels, Lifting slings, Locking pliers, Long reach excavators, Low bed trailers, Measuring tapes, Mini excavators, Mud buckets, Phillips head screwdrivers, Power augers, Protective ear muffs, Respirators, Rock buckets, Rock crushers, Rock draglines, Rock hammers, Rock trucks, Safety goggles, Self-loader trailers, Skid steer loaders, Skip loaders, Straight screwdrivers, Telescoping excavators, Tire pressure gauges, Tracked excavators, Trencher excavator attachments, Truck excavators, Vacuum excavators, Walking draglines, Water trucks, Wheel blocks, Wheel loaders, Wheeled excavators, Wheeled front end loaders, Wireless touch screen monitors. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Spatial Orientation, Visualization, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Speed of Limb Movement, Static Strength, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Peripheral Vision, Depth Perception, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Building and Construction, Mechanical, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Crane and Tower Operators, Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines, Commercial Divers, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Boilermakers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Excavating and Loading Machine and Dragline Operators, Surface Mining. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
