"document"
"A Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas is someone who Set up or operate a variety of drills to remove underground oil and gas, or remove core samples for testing during oil and gas exploration. . The Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Construction, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Train crews, and introduce procedures to make drill work more safe and effective., Observe pressure gauge and move throttles and levers to control the speed of rotary tables, and to regulate pressure of tools at bottoms of boreholes., Count sections of drill rod to determine depths of boreholes., Push levers and brake pedals to control gasoline, diesel, electric, or steam draw works that lower and raise drill pipes and casings in and out of wells., Connect sections of drill pipe, using hand tools and powered wrenches and tongs., Maintain records of footage drilled, location and nature of strata penetrated, materials and tools used, services rendered, and time required., Maintain and adjust machinery to ensure proper performance., Start and examine operation of slush pumps to ensure circulation and consistency of drilling fluid or mud in well., Locate and recover lost or broken bits, casings, and drill pipes from wells, using special tools., Weigh clay, and mix with water and chemicals to make drilling mud., Direct rig crews in drilling and other activities, such as setting up rigs and completing or servicing wells., Monitor progress of drilling operations, and select and change drill bits according to the nature of strata, using hand tools., Repair or replace defective parts of machinery, such as rotary drill rigs, water trucks, air compressors, and pumps, using hand tools., Clean and oil pulleys, blocks, and cables., Bolt together pump and engine parts, and connect tanks and flow lines., Remove core samples during drilling to determine the nature of the strata being drilled., Cap wells with packers, or turn valves, to regulate outflow of oil from wells., Line drilled holes with pipes, and install all necessary hardware, to prepare new wells., Position and prepare truck-mounted derricks at drilling areas specified on field maps., Plug observation wells, and restore sites., Lower and explode charges in boreholes to start flow of oil from wells., Dig holes, set forms, and mix and pour concrete, for foundations of steel or wooden derricks..  They also know about using the following technology: Industrial control software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software, Object or component oriented development software, Customer relationship management CRM software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Analytical or scientific software. Examples include CAPSHER Technology SureTec, Drillingsoftware DrillPro, Drillingsoftware Tubular Database, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Word, Pason WellView Field Solution, Python, Salesforce software, SAP software, Schlumberger Petrel E&P, Structure query language SQL. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Blowout preventer controls, Casing head spool, Hoists, Cement pumping units, Drawworks, Choke manifolds, Claw hammer, Tubing head adapter, Downhole fishing poles, Drilling casings, Makeup tongs, Wellhead production chokes, Drill collars, Wellhead tees or crosses, Mud mixers, Drill rig rotary tables, Drill swivels, Detonators, Safety harnesses or belts, Gasoline engines, Specialty wrenches, Hard hats, Torque wrenches, Taglines, Two way radios, Flowmeters, Drill pipe, Crown blocks, Blowout preventers, Personal computers, Carbon steel pipe spectacle blind flange, Air compressors, Impact wrenches, Pressure indicators, Safety glasses, Safety vests, Diesel engines, Rotary drills, Electric rotary converters, Mud pumps, Pipe handling equipment, Blocks or pulleys, Derricks, Oilfield cementing tools, Industrial drill bits, Packers or tubing anchors. For example, Accumulator systems, Adapter spools, Air hoists, Cement pumping equipment, Chain driven draw works, Choke manifolds, Claw hammers, Double studded adapters, Downhole fishing tools, Drill casings, Drill pipe tongs, Drilling chokes, Drilling collars, Drilling crosses, Drilling draw works, Drilling mud mixers, Drilling rig rotary tables, Drilling spools, Drilling swivels, Explosives detonating equipment, Fall arrest systems, Gasoline engines, Gear driven draw works, Hammer wrenches, Hard hats, Hydraulic torque wrenches, Lifting taglines, Mobile radios, Mud mixing equipment, Multiphase flowmeters, Oil drilling pipes, Oil rig crown blocks, Oil well blowout preventers, Personal computers, Pipe covering blind flanges, Pipe slips, Portable air compressors, Power wrenches, Pressure recorders, Protective harnesses, Protective safety glasses, Reflective vests, Rig diesel engines, Rotary drilling rigs, Silicon controlled rectifiers SCR, Slush pumps, Spacer spools, Stuck pipe tools, Traveling blocks, Truck mounted derricks, Well cementing units, Well drill bits, Well packers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Near Vision, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Personnel and Human Resources, Mechanical, Mathematics, Education and Training to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Learning Strategies, Monitoring, Coordination, Instructing, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management, Management of Personnel Resources. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Performing Administrative Activities. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Commercial Divers, Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels, Boilermakers, Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators, Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Natural Sciences Managers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Architects, Except Landscape and Naval. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Boilermakers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Natural Sciences Managers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Architects, Except Landscape and Naval. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Marine Engineers and Naval Architects. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Marine Engineers and Naval Architects. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Marine Engineers and Naval Architects. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Marine Engineers and Naval Architects. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Marine Engineers and Naval Architects. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Rotary Drill Operators, Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. "
