"document"
"A Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas is someone who Operate a variety of drills such as rotary, churn, and pneumatic to tap subsurface water and salt deposits, to remove core samples during mineral exploration or soil testing, and to facilitate the use of explosives in mining or construction. Includes horizontal and earth boring machine operators. . The Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation.  People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Operate controls to stabilize machines and to position and align drills., Start, stop, and control drilling speed of machines and insertion of casings into holes., Regulate air pressure, rotary speed, and downward pressure, according to the type of rock or concrete being drilled., Select and attach drill bits and drill rods, adding more rods as hole depths increase, and changing drill bits as needed., Drive or guide truck-mounted equipment into position, level and stabilize rigs, and extend telescoping derricks., Operate machines to flush earth cuttings or to blow dust from holes., Verify depths and alignments of boring positions., Perform routine maintenance and upgrade work on machines and equipment, such as replacing parts, building up drill bits, and lubricating machinery., Select the appropriate drill for the job, using knowledge of rock or soil conditions., Document geological formations encountered during work., Drive trucks, tractors, or truck-mounted drills to and from work sites., Assemble and position machines, augers, casing pipes, and other equipment, using hand and power tools., Record drilling progress and geological data., Retrieve lost equipment from bore holes, using retrieval tools and equipment., Fabricate well casings., Pour water into wells, or pump water or slush into wells to cool drill bits and to remove drillings., Create and lay out designs for drill and blast patterns., Place and install screens, casings, pumps, and other well fixtures to develop wells., Operate water-well drilling rigs and other equipment to drill, bore, and dig for water wells or for environmental assessment purposes., Review client requirements and proposed locations for drilling operations to determine feasibility, and to determine cost estimates., Drill or bore holes in rock for blasting, grouting, anchoring, or building foundations., Perform pumping tests to assess well performance., Disinfect, reconstruct, and redevelop contaminated wells and water pumping systems, and clean and disinfect new wells in preparation for use., Design well pumping systems., Signal crane operators to move equipment., Withdraw drill rods from holes, and extract core samples., Inspect core samples to determine nature of strata, or take samples to laboratories for analysis., Retract augers to force discharge dirt from holes., Observe electronic graph recorders and flow meters that monitor the water used to flush debris from holes., Monitor drilling operations, by checking gauges and listening to equipment to assess drilling conditions and to determine the need to adjust drilling or alter equipment..  They also know about using the following technology: Mobile location based services software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software. Examples include Global positioning system GPS software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Word. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Combination wrenches, Core drills, Diesel generators, Backhoes, Skid steer loaders, Hydraulic rock drills, Slings, Sand control screens, Digital camcorders or video cameras, Hammer drills, Well testing downhole tools, Makeup tongs, Drill collars, Forklifts, Global positioning system GPS receiver, Grouting pump, Remote reading thermometers, Notebook computers, Grease guns, Viscosimeters, Densitometers, Mud mixers, Plaster or mortar mixers, Mud pumps, Rotary drills, Personal computers, Downhole fishing poles, Air compressors, Soil core sampling apparatus, Levels, Shale shakers, Submerged arc welding machine, Tablet computers, Trenching machines, Conventional truck cranes, Water pumps, Depth indicators, Logging instruments for water wells, Water samplers, Laboratory bailers, Water analyzers, Cargo trucks. For example, Adjustable combination wrenches, Air rotary drills, Alternating current AC generators, Backhoe-equipped tractors, Bobcats, Cable tool drills, Chain slings, Core drill rigs, Desanders, Digital video cameras, Downhole hammers, Downhole well testing equipment, Drill pipe tongs, Drilling collars, Earth drilling machines, Field forklifts, Global positioning system GPS receivers, Grout pumps, Handheld remote thermometers, Laptop computers, Lube guns, Marsh funnels, Mud balances, Mud guns, Mud mixers, Mud pumping equipment, Mud rotary drills, Personal computers, Pipe retrieval fishing tools, Portable air compressors, Power augers, Precision levels, Rotary drilling tools, Shale shakers, Submerged arc welding tools, Tablet computers, Trenchers, Truck mounted cranes, Truck-mounted water pumps, Water level meters, Water logging tools, Water monitoring samplers, Water sampling bailers, Water test kits, Work trucks. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Transportation, Design, Mechanical, Mathematics, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Crane and Tower Operators, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines, Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians, Ship Engineers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Earth Drillers, Except Oil and Gas. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. "
