"document"
"A Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining is someone who Operate underground loading or moving machine to load or move coal, ore, or rock using shuttle or mine car or conveyors. Equipment may include power shovels, hoisting engines equipped with cable-drawn scraper or scoop, or machines equipped with gathering arms and conveyor. . The Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Construction, Manufacturing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Handle high voltage sources and hang electrical cables., Drive loaded shuttle cars to ramps and move controls to discharge loads into mine cars or onto conveyors., Pry off loose material from roofs and move it into the paths of machines, using crowbars., Move trailing electrical cables clear of obstructions, using rubber safety gloves., Control conveyors that run the entire length of shuttle cars to distribute loads as loading progresses., Observe hand signals, grade stakes, or other markings when operating machines., Examine roadway and clear obstructions from the path of travel., Drive machines into piles of material blasted from working faces., Operate levers to move conveyor booms or shovels so that mine contents such as coal, rock, and ore can be placed into cars or onto conveyors., Clean, fuel, service, and perform safety checks on all equipment, and repair and replace parts as necessary., Clean hoppers, and clean spillage from tracks, walks, driveways, and conveyor decking., Oil, lubricate, and adjust conveyors, crushers, and other equipment, using hand tools and lubricating equipment., Monitor loading processes to ensure that materials are loaded according to specifications., Measure, weigh, or verify levels of rock, gravel, or other excavated material to prevent equipment overloads., Replace hydraulic hoses, headlight bulbs, and gathering-arm teeth., Stop gathering arms when cars are full., Move mine cars into position for loading and unloading, using pinchbars inserted under car wheels to position cars under loading spouts., Advance machines to gather material and convey it into cars., Signal workers to move loaded cars., Guide and stop cars by switching, applying brakes, or placing scotches, or wooden wedges, between wheels and rails., Observe and record car numbers, carriers, customers, tonnages, and grades and conditions of material., Read written instructions or confer with supervisors about schedules and materials to be moved., Notify switching departments to deliver specific types of cars., Inspect boarding and locking of open-top box cars and wedging of side-drop and hopper cars to prevent loss of material in transit., Maintain records of materials moved., Direct other workers to move stakes, place blocks, position anchors or cables, or move materials., Push or ride cars down slopes, or hook cars to cables and control cable drum brakes, to ease cars down inclines., Open and close bottom doors of cars to dump contents..  They also know about using the following technology: Industrial control software, Inventory management software, Facilities management software, Spreadsheet software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Operating system software, Time accounting software. Examples include Automated systems software, Inventory management systems, Maintenance management software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Mine maintenance software, Work time accounting software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Belt conveyors, Earthmoving shovels, Mining headlamp, Locking pliers, Claw hammer, Cleaning scrapers, Wrecking or crow bar, Bulk material carriers, Filtering machinery, Electric actuators, Grease guns, Ear plugs, Valve actuators, Two way radios, Screwdrivers, Oil gun, Front end loaders, Pry bars, Fire extinguishers, Safety glasses, Respirators, Ratchets, Safety vests, Hydraulic breaker chisel, Protective gloves, Sledge hammer, Socket sets, Safety boots, Track bulldozers, Track excavators, Utility knives. For example, Bucket belt conveyors, Cable drawn scrapers, Cap lamps, Channel lock pliers, Claw hammers, Cleaning scrapers, Conveyor belt systems, Crowbars, Diesel shuttle cars, Dust suppression systems, Electric shuttle cars, Electric switch controls, Filter conveyor belts, Gathering-arm machines, Grease dispensing guns, Hand grease guns, Hearing protection plugs, Hydraulic valve controls, Mining conveyor systems, Mobile radios, Multipurpose screwdrivers, Oil guns, Payloaders, Pinch bars, Portable fire extinguishers, Power shovels, Protective glasses, Protective respirators, Ratchet sets, Reflective vests, Rock breaking chisels, Safety gloves, Self-rescuers, Sledgehammers, Socket wrench sets, Soil bucket chisels, Steel-toed boots, Trencher chisels, Underground mining bulldozer, Underground mining excavators, Underground mining loaders, Utility knives. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Auditory Attention, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation. They also value Working Conditions, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Mechanical, Education and Training to do their job well. They employ the following skills Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Crane and Tower Operators, Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Signal and Track Switch Repairers, Industrial Machinery Mechanics. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Loading and Moving Machine Operators, Underground Mining. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
