"document"
"A Roof Bolters, Mining is someone who Operate machinery to install roof support bolts in underground mine. . The Roof Bolters, Mining  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Construction and Extraction Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Drill bolt holes into roofs at specified distances from ribs or adjacent bolts., Pull down loose rock that cannot be supported., Position bolting machines, and insert drill bits into chucks., Perform safety checks on equipment before operating., Perform tests to determine if methane gas is present., Force bolts into holes, using hydraulic mechanisms of self-propelled bolting machines., Perform ventilation tasks, such as hanging ventilation curtains and tubes., Dust rocks after bolting., Install various types of bolts, including truss, glue, and resin bolts, traversing entire ceiling spans., Drill test holes and test bolts for specified tension, using torque wrenches., Position safety jacks to support underground mine roofs until bolts can be installed., Rotate chucks to turn bolts and open expansion heads against rock formations., Remove drill bits from chucks after drilling holes, and insert bolts into chucks., Tighten ends of anchored truss bolts, using turnbuckles..  They also know about using the following technology: Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Industrial control software. Examples include Caterpillar Cat MineStar System, Caterpillar Command. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Boom bolters, Pressure indicators, Respirators, Quick disconnects, Grease guns, Single gas monitors, Personal computers, Pneumatic rock drills, Hand held rock drills, Continuous mining equipment, Screens, Pry bars, Cable bolters, Jacks, Tape measures, Torque wrenches, Turnbuckles. For example, Boom roof bolters, Digital pressure gauges, Dust and particulate respirators, Hydraulic disconnects, Lube guns, Methane monitors, Personal computers, Pneumatic rock drilling tools, Portable rock drills, Remote-control continuous miners, Roof bolters, Roof screens, Scaling bars, Self-propelled bolting machines, Shoring jacks, Steel measuring tapes, Torque drivers, Turnbuckles. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Dynamic Strength, Trunk Strength, Stamina, Extent Flexibility, Gross Body Equilibrium, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Mechanical, Education and Training, Public Safety and Security, Law and Government to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Quality Control Analysis, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Assisting and Caring for Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Roof Bolters, Mining occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists, Boilermakers, Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers, Industrial Machinery Mechanics. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
