"document"
"A Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers is someone who Repair, maintain, or install computers, word processing systems, automated teller machines, and electronic office machines, such as duplicating and fax machines. . The Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Reassemble machines after making repairs or replacing parts., Converse with customers to determine details of equipment problems., Disassemble machines to examine parts, such as wires, gears, or bearings for wear or defects, using hand or power tools and measuring devices., Advise customers concerning equipment operation, maintenance, or programming., Align, adjust, or calibrate equipment according to specifications., Repair, adjust, or replace electrical or mechanical components or parts, using hand tools, power tools, or soldering or welding equipment., Travel to customers' stores or offices to service machines or to provide emergency repair service., Maintain parts inventories and order any additional parts needed for repairs., Operate machines to test functioning of parts or mechanisms., Reinstall software programs or adjust settings on existing software to fix machine malfunctions., Clean, oil, or adjust mechanical parts to maintain machines' operating efficiency and to prevent breakdowns., Maintain records of equipment maintenance work or repairs., Test new systems to ensure that they are in working order., Complete repair bills, shop records, time cards, or expense reports., Install and configure new equipment, including operating software or peripheral equipment., Analyze equipment performance records to assess equipment functioning., Read specifications, such as blueprints, charts, or schematics, to determine machine settings or adjustments., Update existing equipment, performing tasks such as installing updated circuit boards or additional memory., Test components or circuits of faulty equipment to locate defects, using oscilloscopes, signal generators, ammeters, voltmeters, or special diagnostic software programs., Assemble machines according to specifications, using hand or power tools and measuring devices., Lay cable and hook up electrical connections between machines, power sources, and phone lines., Enter information into computers to copy programs from one electronic component to another or to draw, modify, or store schematics., Fill machines with toners, inks, or other duplicating fluids., Train new repairers., Calibrate testing instruments..  They also know about using the following technology: Document management software, Helpdesk or call center software, Network security or virtual private network VPN management software, Data base user interface and query software, Program testing software, Electronic mail software, Enterprise application integration software, Web platform development software, Cloud-based management software, Inventory management software, Operating system software, Web page creation and editing software, Graphics or photo imaging software, Internet directory services software, Spreadsheet software, Platform interconnectivity software, Internet browser software, Video conferencing software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Object or component oriented development software, Word processing software, Transaction security and virus protection software, Calendar and scheduling software, Configuration management software, Filesystem software, Network connectivity terminal emulation software. Examples include Adobe Acrobat, Call tracking software, Cisco Systems VPN Client, Database software, Debugging software, Email software, Extensible markup language XML, Extensible stylesheet language XSL, Hypertext markup language HTML, IBM Notes, IBM WebSphere, Inventory control system software, JavaScript, Linux, Macromedia Cold Fusion, McNeel Rhinoceros 3D, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Active Directory, Microsoft Active Server Pages ASP, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Exchange, Microsoft Hyperterminal, Microsoft Internet Explorer, Microsoft Office Live Meeting, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft operating system, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Visual Basic.NET, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Norton AntiVirus, Operating system software, Personal computer diagnostic software, Scheduling software, ServiceNow, Spreadsheet software, Structured query language SQL, Symantec Altiris Deployment Solution, Symantec Norton Utilities, Terminal emulation software, UNIX, Virus detection software, Web browser software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable widemouth pliers, Air compressors, Delivery trucks, Network analyzers, Digital testers, Cable accessories, Combination wrenches, Computer servers, Desktop computers, Multimeters, Ohmmeters, Oscilloscopes, Drill press or radial drill, Bare printed circuit boards, Screwdrivers, Vacuum cleaners, Notebook computers, Nut drivers, Signal generators, Power drills, Power meters, Protocol analyzers, Soldering iron, Voltage or current meters, Stripping tools. For example, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Air compressors, Armored cars, Asynchronous transfer mode ATM analyzers, Bit error rate testers BERT, Cable verifiers, Combination wrenches, Computer servers, Desktop computers, Digital multimeters, Digital ohmmeters, Digital oscilloscopes, Drill presses, Field replaceable units FRU, Flathead screwdrivers, Mini vacuums, Notebook computers, Nut drivers, Portable signal generators, Power drills, Powerline monitors, Protocol analyzers, Soldering irons, Synchronous optical network SONET analyzers, T-Birds, Telecommunication analyzers, Test pattern generators, Voltmeters, Wire strippers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Near Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Mechanical to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Complex Problem Solving, Equipment Selection, Operations Monitoring, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Working with Computers, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Computer Network Support Specialists, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Network and Computer Systems Administrators, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 9.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 9.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Network and Computer Systems Administrators. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Network and Computer Systems Administrators. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Network and Computer Systems Administrators. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Network and Computer Systems Administrators. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Network and Computer Systems Administrators. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. According to ONET survey research, 46% feel this occupation requires a Associate's Degree (or other 2-year degree) Educational programs associated with this occupation tend to graduate people with the following degrees: Associate's degree, Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs), Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs), Postbaccalaureate certificate, Bachelor's degree. Among black students completing instructional programs related to this occupation, 9% received a Associate's degree, 0% received a Bachelor's degree, ?, 7% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs), 15% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), 11% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs). The following schools granted the most credentials aligned with the educational requirements related to this occupation: University of Alaska Anchorage, University of Alaska Fairbanks, Northland Pioneer College, Cerritos College, Chabot College, East Los Angeles College, El Camino Community College District, Glendale Community College, Irvine Valley College, Los Angeles Harbor College, Los Angeles Trade Technical College, Los Angeles Valley College, Los Angeles City College, Merced College, Mission College, Modesto Junior College, Orange Coast College, Palomar College, Pasadena City College, Riverside City College, Saddleback College, San Diego City College, Sierra College, San Bernardino Valley College, Solano Community College, Southwestern College, Victor Valley College, Albany Technical College, Idaho State University, College of DuPage, John A Logan College, Sullivan University, Central Maine Community College, Northern Maine Community College, Washington County Community College, Delta College, Montcalm Community College, Muskegon Community College, Coahoma Community College, Hinds Community College, Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College, Miles Community College, Montana State University, Eastwick College-Nutley, Eastern New Mexico University-Roswell Campus, Western New Mexico University, CUNY LaGuardia Community College, CUNY Queensborough Community College, Nassau Community College, Lake Region State College, Hocking College, University of Rio Grande, Tulsa Community College, Harrisburg Area Community College, Northampton County Area Community College, Greenville Technical College, Grayson College, Kilgore College, Laredo College, St Philip's College, Lakeshore Technical College, Waukesha County Technical College, Northwood Technical College, Universidad Ana G. Mendez-Cupey Campus, Inter American University of Puerto Rico-Aguadilla, Inter American University of Puerto Rico-Fajardo, Inter American University of Puerto Rico-Guayama, Inter American University of Puerto Rico-Bayamon, Bay Mills Community College, Northwest Indian College, South Louisiana Community College, Eastern West Virginia Community and Technical College, Norco College, ICPR Junior College, American Trade School, Texas State Technical College"
