"document"
"A Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers is someone who Repair, maintain, or install electric motors, wiring, or switches. . The Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Inspect and test equipment to locate damage or worn parts and diagnose malfunctions, or read work orders or schematic drawings to determine required repairs., Reassemble repaired electric motors to specified requirements and ratings, using hand tools and electrical meters., Measure velocity, horsepower, revolutions per minute (rpm), amperage, circuitry, and voltage of units or parts to diagnose problems, using ammeters, voltmeters, wattmeters, and other testing devices., Repair and rebuild defective mechanical parts in electric motors, generators, and related equipment, using hand tools and power tools., Lift units or parts such as motors or generators, using cranes or chain hoists, or signal crane operators to lift heavy parts or subassemblies., Record repairs required, parts used, and labor time., Disassemble defective equipment so that repairs can be made, using hand tools., Adjust working parts, such as fan belts, contacts, and springs, using hand tools and gauges., Lubricate moving parts., Read service guides to find information needed to perform repairs., Inspect electrical connections, wiring, relays, charging resistance boxes, and storage batteries, following wiring diagrams., Scrape and clean units or parts, using cleaning solvents and equipment such as buffing wheels., Weld, braze, or solder electrical connections., Verify and adjust alignments and dimensions of parts, using gauges and tracing lathes., Steam-clean polishing and buffing wheels to remove abrasives and bonding materials, and spray, brush, or recoat surfaces as necessary., Set machinery for proper performance, using computers., Test equipment for overheating, using speed gauges and thermometers., Reface, ream, and polish commutators and machine parts to specified tolerances, using machine tools., Maintain stocks of parts., Cut and form insulation, and insert insulation into armature, rotor, or stator slots., Assemble electrical parts such as alternators, generators, starting devices, and switches, following schematic drawings and using hand, machine, and power tools., Bolt porcelain insulators to wood parts to assemble hot stools., Solder, wrap, and coat wires to ensure proper insulation., Rewire electrical systems, and repair or replace electrical accessories., Clean cells, cell assemblies, glassware, leads, electrical connections, and battery poles, using scrapers, steam, water, emery cloths, power grinders, or acid., Rewind coils on cores in slots, or make replacement coils, using coil-winding machines., Test conditions, fluid levels, and specific gravities of electrolyte cells, using voltmeters, hydrometers, and thermometers., Add water or acid to battery cell solutions to obtain specified concentrations., Pour compounds into transformer-case terminal openings to seal out moisture., Remove and replace defective parts such as coil leads, carbon brushes, and wires, using soldering equipment., Hammer out dents and twists in tools and equipment., Drain and filter transformer oil and refill transformers with oil until coils are submerged., Seal joints with putty, mortar, and asbestos, using putty extruders and knives., Repair and operate battery-charging equipment., Sharpen tools such as saws, picks, shovels, screwdrivers, and scoops, either manually or by using bench grinders and emery wheels., Inspect batteries for structural defects such as dented cans, damaged carbon rods and terminals, and defective seals., Test battery charges, and replace or recharge batteries as necessary., Position and level battery cells, anodes, or cathodes, using hoists or leveling jacks, or signal other workers to perform positioning and leveling., Clean, rinse, and dry transformer cases, using boiling water, scrapers, solvents, hoses, and cloths..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer aided design CAD software, Analytical or scientific software, Facilities management software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Object or component oriented development software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software. Examples include Autodesk AutoCAD, Commutator profiling software, Computerized maintenance management system CMMS, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Motor testing software, Python, SAP software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Shot blasting machine, Adjustable wrenches, Pneumatic grinders, Laser measuring systems, Ohmmeters, Manual press brake, Feeler gauges, Electrical coil winding machine, Stripping tools, Heat treating age hardening furnace, Armature tester, Bearing fitting tool kits, Ammeters, Bench grinder, Voltage or current meters, Braze welding machine, Screwdrivers, Wire or cable cutter, Carburetor balancer, Chamfering machine, Sawing and cut-off machine, Grinders, Angle grinder, Soldering iron, Var meter, Rubber mallet, Diagonal cut pliers, Multimeters, Oscilloscopes, Tachometers, Dip tanks, Alternating current AC arc welder, Pocket knives, Electrolytic bath machine, Forklifts, Plasma arc welding machine, Growler tester, Saws, Power grinders, Hydraulic hand crimp tool, Insulation resistance meters, Cutters, Knurling tool, Manual wire straighteners, Longnose pliers, Tape measures, Megohmmeters, Nut drivers, Paint application system, Aqueous cleaning and washing equipment, Personal computers, Phasemeters, Vibration testers, Dynamometers, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Mallets, Sound detector, Hacksaw, End cut pliers, Wire brushes, Tablet computers, Thermal imager, Threading machine, Levels, Utility knives, Vacuum impregnation or porosity sealing device, Wedges, Shears, Wire cutters. For example, Abrasive blasting machines, Adjustable hand wrenches, Air grinders, Alignment lasers, Analog ohmmeters, Arbor presses, Armature air gap gauges, Armature winders, Automatic wire strippers, Bake ovens, Bar-to-bar testers, Bearing puller sets, Bearing setting tools, Bench ammeters, Bench grinders, Bench voltmeters, Brazing machines, Cabinet-tip screwdrivers, Cable cutters, Carburetor synchronizers, Chamfer mills, Clamp ammeters, Clamp voltmeters, Coil cut-off machines, Commutator grinders, Commutator undercutters, Conduit-fitting and reaming screwdrivers, Cordless soldering irons, Core-loss testers, Dead blow hammers, Diagonal-cutting pliers, Digital multimeters, Digital ohmmeters, Digital oscilloscopes, Digital tachometers, Dip tanks, Dry ice blasters, Electric coil winders, Electric welders, Electricians' knives, Electro-brush platers, Forklift trucks, Gas welders, Growler armature testers, Hand saws, Handheld power grinders, Handheld wire strippers, Hydraulic wire crimpers, Insulation resistance testers, Insulation trimmers, Keystone-tip screwdrivers, Knurling tool attachments, Lamination tooth straighteners, Light emitting diode LED voltage tester, Longnosed pliers, Measuring tapes, Meggers, Neon voltage testers, Nut wrenches, Nylon hammers, Paint booths, Parts washers, Personal computers, Phase rotation indicators, Portable vibration testers, Power dynamometers, Pump pliers, Rawhide mallets, Repairman's stethoscopes, Rubber-grip hacksaws, Series solenoid voltage testers, Side cutting pliers, Slot cleaning brushes, Slot shavers, Square-recess tip screwdrivers, Surge testers, Tablet computers, Thermal cameras, Threaders, Torpedo levels, Twin wheel wire strippers, Utility knives, Vacuum impregnators, Vibration analyzers, Volt-ammeters, Wedge drivers, Winder's shears, Winding testers, Wire cutters. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Speed of Closure, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Depth Perception, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Mechanical, Mathematics, Education and Training to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Complex Problem Solving, Equipment Selection, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Solar Energy Systems Engineers, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 26.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 26.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
