"document"
"A Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians is someone who Diagnose, adjust, repair, or overhaul farm machinery and vehicles, such as tractors, harvesters, dairy equipment, and irrigation systems. . The Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Maintain, repair, and overhaul farm machinery and vehicles, such as tractors, harvesters, and irrigation systems., Dismantle defective machines for repair, using hand tools., Record details of repairs made and parts used., Reassemble machines and equipment following repair, testing operation and making adjustments, as necessary., Clean and lubricate parts., Test and replace electrical components and wiring, using test meters, soldering equipment, and hand tools., Tune or overhaul engines., Examine and listen to equipment, read inspection reports, and confer with customers to locate and diagnose malfunctions., Repair or replace defective parts, using hand tools, milling and woodworking machines, lathes, welding equipment, grinders, or saws., Drive trucks to haul tools and equipment for on-site repair of large machinery., Fabricate new metal parts, using drill presses, engine lathes, and other machine tools., Repair bent or torn sheet metal., Calculate bills according to record of repairs made, labor time, and parts used., Install and repair agricultural irrigation, plumbing, and sprinkler systems..  They also know about using the following technology: Facilities management software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Internet browser software. Examples include Computerized maintenance management system CMMS, FarmLogic FarmPAD, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, ServiceMax, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Impact wrenches, Angle grinder, Shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine, Automatic lathe or chucking machine, Center punch, Tinners snips, Pullers, Bench grinder, Drill press or radial drill, C clamps, Wire gauge, Bench vises, Dial indicator or dial gauge, Torque wrenches, Screwdrivers, Combination pliers, Combination wrenches, Countersinks, Crimping pliers, Claw hammer, Portable data input terminals, Diagonal cut pliers, Cold chisels, Multimeters, Ohmmeters, Oscilloscopes, Pyrometers, Tachometers, Tire pressure gauge, Torque screwdriver, Vacuum gauges, Voltage or current meters, Power grinders, Drill bit set, Heat guns, Power drills, Engine tune up tester, Dynamometers, Timing light, Sockets, Bastard cut file, Feeler gauges, Ratchets, Flow sensors, Fuel pressure sensor, Air compressors, Grinding wheel dressers, Slip or groove joint pliers, Saws, Bolt cutters, Locking pliers, Ammeters, Calipers, Micrometers, Insulation resistance meters, Notebook computers, Linemans pliers, Taper punch, Ball peen hammer, Levels, Metal inert gas welding machine, Hacksaw, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Needlenose pliers, Box end wrenches, Offset screw driver, Oil gun, Sharpening stones or tools or kits, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Personal computers, Threading die hand tool, Pipe or tube cutter, Threading taps, Power riveter, Workshop cranes, Power saws, Mallets, Hammers, Router bits, Thread pitch gauge, Screwdriver bits, Thickness measuring devices, Jacks, Slip joint pliers, Hole gauge, Soldering iron, Bullet pilot point, Spark plug gap gauge, Spark plug wrench, Speedometers, Pipe reamer, Screw extractors, Squares, Nut drivers, Taps, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Tire repair kit, Wire-stripping pliers. For example, Adjustable end wrenches, Air wrenches, Angle grinders, Arc welders, Automated lathes, Automatic center punches, Aviation snips, Bearing pullers, Bench grinders, Bench mount drill presses, C clamps, Circular wire gauges, Clamp-on bench vises, Clamping dial indicator, Click type torque wrenches, Clutch head screwdrivers, Combination pliers, Combination spanners, Countersink drill bits, Crimping tools, Curved claw hammers, Diagnostic scan units, Diagonal cutting pliers, Diamond point chisels, Digital multimeters, Digital ohmmeters, Digital oscilloscopes, Digital pyrometers, Digital tachometers, Digital tire pressure gauges, Digital torque screwdrivers, Digital vacuum gauges, Digital voltmeters, Disk grinders, Drill bit sets, Dual temperature heat guns, Electric drills, Engine analyzers, Engine compression testers, Engine dynamometers, Engine timing lights, Extension sockets, External gear pullers, Flat bastard files, Flat cold chisels, Flat feeler gauges, Flex handle sockets, Flex head ratchets, Fuel flow gauges, Fuel pressure gauges, Gas powered air compressors, Grinding wheel dressers, Groove joint pliers, Handsaws, Heavy duty bolt cutters, Hose clamp pliers, Inductive ammeters, Inside calipers, Inside micrometers, Insulation resistance testers, Internal gear pullers, Laptop computers, Lineman's pliers, Lining-up punches, Locking chain pliers, Machinist's hammers, Mechanic's levels, Metal inert gas MIG welders, Mini hacksaws, Nail sets, Needle nose pliers, Offset box wrenches, Offset screwdrivers, Oil injectors, Oil stones, Outside calipers, Outside micrometers, Oxyacetylene welders, Personal computers, Phillips screwdrivers, Pie dies, Pipe cutters, Pipe taps, Pop riveters, Portable cranes, Portable power hacksaws, Rawhide hammers, Reversible ratches, Ripping hammers, Rivet guns, Round nose chisels, Router bit sets, Screw thread pitch gauges, Screwdriver bit sets, Sheet metal gauges, Short chassis jacks, Slide hammers, Slip joint pliers, Small hole gauges, Soldering guns, Spade drill bits, Spark plug feeler gauges, Spark plug sockets, Speed indicators, Spiral pipe reamers, Spiral screw extractors, Standard screwdrivers, Steel squares, Straight jaw locking pliers, T-handle nut drivers, Tap and die sets, Tungsten inert gas TIG welders, Universal socket wrenches, Valve core removal tools, Vernier calipers, Wire stripper pliers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Depth Perception, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Transportation, Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Design, Mechanical, Mathematics, Physics, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Complex Problem Solving, Equipment Selection, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Transportation Inspectors, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health, Museum Technicians and Conservators. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 10.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 10.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Farm Equipment Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
