"document"
"A Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines is someone who Diagnose, adjust, repair, or overhaul mobile mechanical, hydraulic, and pneumatic equipment, such as cranes, bulldozers, graders, and conveyors, used in construction, logging, and mining. . The Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Repair and replace damaged or worn parts., Test mechanical products and equipment after repair or assembly to ensure proper performance and compliance with manufacturers' specifications., Operate and inspect machines or heavy equipment to diagnose defects., Read and understand operating manuals, blueprints, and technical drawings., Dismantle and reassemble heavy equipment using hoists and hand tools., Overhaul and test machines or equipment to ensure operating efficiency., Adjust, maintain, and repair or replace subassemblies, such as transmissions and crawler heads, using hand tools, jacks, and cranes., Repair, rewire, and troubleshoot electrical systems., Diagnose faults or malfunctions to determine required repairs, using engine diagnostic equipment such as computerized test equipment and calibration devices., Examine parts for damage or excessive wear, using micrometers and gauges., Weld or solder broken parts and structural members, using electric or gas welders and soldering tools., Research, order, and maintain parts inventory for services and repairs., Fit bearings to adjust, repair, or overhaul mobile mechanical, hydraulic, and pneumatic equipment., Schedule maintenance for industrial machines and equipment, and keep equipment service records., Clean, lubricate, and perform other routine maintenance work on equipment and vehicles., Assemble gear systems, and align frames and gears., Clean parts by spraying them with grease solvent or immersing them in tanks of solvent., Adjust and maintain industrial machinery, using control and regulating devices., Fabricate needed parts or items from sheet metal., Direct workers who are assembling or disassembling equipment or cleaning parts..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Materials requirements planning logistics and supply chain software, Facilities management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Project management software. Examples include Database software, Fleet management software, Maintenance management software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Project management software, Recordkeeping software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Air compressors, Hex keys, Ammeters, Awls, Ball peen hammer, Battery chargers, Bolt cutters, Boring machines, Specialty wrenches, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Welder torch, Locking pliers, Circuit tester, Multimeters, Cold chisels, Combination wrenches, Power screwguns, Crows foot wrench, Blow torch, Desktop computers, Diagonal cut pliers, Calipers, Dial indicator or dial gauge, Drill press or radial drill, Dynamometers, Digital testers, End cut pliers, Automotive exhaust emission analyzers, Feeler gauges, Flame cutting machine, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Grease guns, Power grinders, Slip or groove joint pliers, Hacksaw, Hammers, Portable data input terminals, Battery testers, Hard hats, Safety boots, Hazardous material protective apparel, Heat guns, Hoists, C clamps, Lifts, Pneumatic impact wrenches, Inspection mirror, Engine or vehicle stands, Jacks, Tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe, Leak testing equipment, Liquid leak detectors, Linemans pliers, Longnose pliers, Magnetic tools, Metal inert gas welding machine, Micrometers, Needlenose pliers, Nut drivers, Box end wrenches, Ohmmeters, Microcontrollers, Oscilloscopes, Paint sprayers, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Pipe wrenches, Pitch measuring instruments, Plasma arc welding machine, Power drills, Power sanders, Power saws, Pressure indicators, Ear plugs, Pry bars, Putty knives, Ratchets, Razor knives, Respirators, Rivet tools, Rubber mallet, Rulers, Goggles, Screw extractors, Shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine, Mill saw file, Retaining ring pliers, Tinners snips, Socket sets, Sockets, Hand sprayers, Tachometers, Tape measures, Tire pressure gauge, Torx keys, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Two way radios, Utility knives, Voltage or current meters, Welding masks, Wheel alignment equipment, Wire brushes, Wire lug crimping tool, Wire cutters, Stripping tools. For example, Adjustable monkey wrenches, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Air compressors, Allen wrenches, Ammeters, Awls, Ball peen hammers, Battery chargers, Bolt cutters, Boring bars, Brake bleeder wrenches, Brass drifts, Brazing equipment, Breaker bars, Center punches, Channel lock pliers, Circuit testers, Clamp-on multimeters, Cold chisels, Combination wrenches, Cordless screwdrivers, Crowfoot wrenches, Cutting torches, Desktop computers, Diagonal cutting pliers, Dial calipers, Dial gauges, Drill presses, Dual action pliers, Dynamometers, Electronic engine analyzers, Electronic screwdrivers, End nippers, Exhaust emission analyzers, Feeler gauges, Flame cutting equipment, Flare nut wrenches, Gas welders, Grease guns, Grinding machines, Groove joint/water pump pliers, Hacksaws, Hammers, Hand held diagnostic computers, Handheld battery testers, Hard hats, Hard-toed shoes, Hazardous material protective clothing, Heat guns, Hex key sets, Hoists, Hose clamps, Hose-clamp pliers, Hydraulic lifts, Impact air wrenches, Inspection mirrors, Jack stands, Jacks, Lathes, Leak detection equipment, Leak detectors, Lineman's pliers, Locking C-clamp pliers, Long nose pliers, Magnetic pickup tools, Metal inert gas MIG welders, Micrometers, Multimeters, Needlenose pliers, Nut drivers, Offset box wrenches, Ohmmeters, Oil filter wrenches, On board computers, Oscilloscopes, Oxyacetylene welding equipment, Paint sprayers, Personal computers, Phillips head screwdrivers, Pin punches, Pipe wrenches, Pitch gauges, Plasma welding equipment, Plastic tip hammers, Pneumatic ratchets, Pneumatic wrenches, Power drills, Power grinders, Power sanders, Power saws, Pressure gauges, Protective ear plugs, Pry bars, Punch sets, Putty knives, Ratcheting screwdrivers, Ratchets, Razor knives, Respirators, Riveting tools, Rubber mallets, Rulers, Safety goggles, Screw extractor sets, Screw pitch gauges, Screwdrivers, Shielded arc welding tools, Single-cut mill saw files, Slip joint pliers, Slotted screwdrivers, Snap ring pliers, Snips, Socket wrench sets, Socket wrenches, Solvent sprayers, Spark plug gapping tools, Starter punches, Tachometers, Tape measures, Test lights, Three-pin punches, Tire pressure gauges, Torx screwdrivers, Tungsten inert gas TIG welding equipment, Two way radios, Utility knives, Vise grip pliers, Voltmeters, Welding hoods, Wheel alignment gauges, Wire brushes, Wire crimpers, Wire cutters, Wire strippers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Depth Perception, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Mechanical, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Coordination, Complex Problem Solving, Equipment Selection, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Training and Teaching Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Transportation Inspectors, Solar Energy Systems Engineers, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 13.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 13.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
