"document"
"A Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians is someone who Repair and adjust electrical and mechanical equipment of inboard or inboard-outboard boat engines. . The Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Start motors and monitor performance for signs of malfunctioning, such as smoke, excessive vibration, or misfiring., Document inspection and test results and work performed or to be performed., Mount motors to boats, and operate boats at various speeds on waterways to conduct operational tests., Repair engine mechanical equipment, such as power tilts, bilge pumps, or power take-offs., Perform routine engine maintenance on motorboats, such as changing oil and filters., Replace parts, such as gears, magneto points, piston rings, or spark plugs, and reassemble engines., Idle motors and observe thermometers to determine the effectiveness of cooling systems., Inspect and repair or adjust propellers or propeller shafts., Adjust carburetor mixtures, electrical point settings, or timing while motors are running in water-filled test tanks., Set starter locks and align and repair steering or throttle controls, using gauges, screwdrivers, or wrenches., Disassemble and inspect motors to locate defective parts, using mechanic's hand tools and gauges., Adjust generators and replace faulty wiring, using hand tools and soldering irons., Repair or rework parts, using machine tools such as lathes, mills, drills, or grinders..  They also know about using the following technology: Analytical or scientific software, Web page creation and editing software, Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software. Examples include CDI Electronics M.E.D.S., Engine diagnostic scanners, Facebook, Inventory tracking software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Outboard engine diagnostic software, Rinda Technologies DIACOM Marine. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Spark plug tester, Allen wrench, Center punch, Ball peen hammer, Battery testers, Wire brushes, Specialty wrenches, Cleaning scrapers, Locking pliers, Coil condenser resistance or ohm tester, Combination pliers, Combination wrenches, Pullers, Crows foot wrench, Rubber mallet, Diagonal cut pliers, Calipers, Multimeters, Retaining ring pliers, Cold chisels, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Screw extractors, Hold down clamps, Hex keys, Engine injector tester, Impact screwdriver, Inspection mirror, Compression pressure gauge, Magnetic tools, Tape measures, Tongs, Picks, Sockets, Hacksaw, Needlenose pliers, Parallel pin punch, Engine tune up tester, Flashlight, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Piston ring compressor, Drill bit set, Socket attachments and accessories, Soldering iron, Spanner wrenches, Spark plug gap gauge, Spark plug wrench, Ratchets, Tablet computers, Feeler gauges, Flat hand file, Infrared thermometer, Circuit tester, Torque wrenches, Socket sets, Crimping pliers, Wire cutters, Wire-stripping pliers. For example, Adjustable gap spark testers, Allen wrench sets, Automatic center punches, Ball peen hammers, Battery load testers, Battery terminal cleaners, Bearing retainer wrenches, Breaker bars, Carbon scrapers, Channel lock pliers, Coil function testers, Combination pliers, Combination wrenches, Cotter pin pullers, Crowfoot wrenches, Dead blow hammers, Diagonal cutting pliers, Dial calipers, Digital multimeters, Electrical diagnostic platform analyzers, Fixed tip snap ring pliers, Flat cold chisels, Flat tip screw starters, Fluted screw extractors, Flywheel holders, Fuel filter wrenches, Hex sets, Idle air control signal tester, Impact drivers, Inspection mirrors, Leakdown testers, Magnetic pickup tools, Measuring tapes, Mechanical fingers, Mechanics' pick sets, Metric flex sockets, Metric sockets, Mini hacksaws, Needle nose pliers, Parallel pin punches, Peak voltage testers, Penlights, Personal computers, Phillips screwdrivers, Piston ring compressors, Power drill bit sets, Propeller wrenches, Seal pullers, Shift cable tools, Slot screwdrivers, Socket wrench extensions, Solder guns, Spanners, Spark plug gap testers, Spark plug sockets, Speed handles, Standard flex sockets, Standard socket wrenches, Starter punches, T handle hex wrenches, Tablet computers, Taper feeler gauges, Tapered hand files, Temperature guns, Test lights, Tie rod end pullers, Torque adapters, Torque wrenches, Torx bit sets, Vise grip pliers, Wire crimpers, Wire cutters, Wire strippers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Flexibility of Closure, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Transportation, Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Mechanical, Mathematics, Physics, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Processing Information, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Transportation Inspectors, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health, Solar Energy Systems Engineers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 28.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 28.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. According to ONET survey research, 54% feel this occupation requires a Post-Secondary Certificate - awarded for training completed after high school (for example, in agriculture or natural resources, computer services, personal or culinary services, engineering technologies, healthcare, construction trades, mechanic and repair technologies, or precision production) Educational programs associated with this occupation tend to graduate people with the following degrees: Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs), Associate's degree, Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs). Among black students completing instructional programs related to this occupation, 1% received a Associate's degree, 0% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs), 10% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), 5% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs). The following schools granted the most credentials aligned with the educational requirements related to this occupation: Coastal Alabama Community College, George C Wallace Community College-Dothan, J F Ingram State Technical College, University of Alaska Southeast, Alaska Vocational Technical Center, Arkansas State University-Beebe, National Park College, North Arkansas College, Arkansas State University Three Rivers, University of Arkansas-Pulaski Technical College, Citrus College, City College of San Francisco, Compton College, Cosumnes River College, Los Angeles Trade Technical College, Sacramento City College, Southwestern College, Red Rocks Community College, Pickens Technical College, Eastern Florida State College, Lorenzo Walker Technical College, George Stone Technical College, Indian River State College, Fort Myers Technical College, Lindsey Hopkins Technical College, Manatee Technical College, Miami Lakes Educational Center and Technical College, Palm Beach State College, Pinellas Technical College-Clearwater, First Coast Technical College, Suncoast Technical College, Tom P. Haney Technical College, William T McFatter Technical College, Withlacoochee Technical College, Southern Crescent Technical College, Lanier Technical College, Chattahoochee Technical College, North Georgia Technical College, Honolulu Community College, Boise State University, Iowa Lakes Community College, Jefferson Community and Technical College, Maysville Community and Technical College, Central Louisiana Technical Community College, Northwest Louisiana Technical Community College, SOWELA Technical Community College, Northshore Technical Community College, The Landing School, Washington County Community College, Cecil College, North American Trade Schools, Bay de Noc Community College, Kirtland Community College, Muskegon Community College, Alexandria Technical & Community College, Central Lakes College-Brainerd, Minnesota State Community and Technical College, Minnesota West Community and Technical College, Hennepin Technical College, Minnesota State College Southeast, Mississippi Gulf Coast Community College, Lake Career and Technical Center, State Fair Community College, The University of Montana, Southeast Community College Area, Lakes Region Community College, CUNY Kingsborough Community College, Cape Fear Community College, Carteret Community College, Central Carolina Community College, Halifax Community College, North Dakota State College of Science, EHOVE Career Center, Clackamas Community College, Commonwealth Technical Institute, Schuylkill Technology Center, Mitchell Technical College, Tennessee College of Applied Technology-Henry/Carroll, Austin Community College District, Central Texas College, Dallas College, Northeast Texas Community College, Tarrant County College District, Texarkana College, Davis Technical College, Bates Technical College, Skagit Valley College, Academy of Careers and Technology, Madison Area Technical College, Fox Valley Technical College, Gateway Technical College, Moraine Park Technical College, Nicolet Area Technical College, Chippewa Valley Technical College, Northwood Technical College, Palau Community College, Autry Technology Center, Canadian Valley Technology Center, Universal Technical Institute-Auto Motorcycle & Marine Mechanics Institute Division-Orlando, Buckeye Joint Vocational School, Greater Altoona Career & Technology Center, Motoring Technical Training Institute, Mech-Tech College, Clinton Essex Warren Washington BOCES, Penta County Joint Vocational School, Eastern Oklahoma County Technology Center, York County School of Technology-Adult & Continuing Education, Lancaster County Career and Technology Center, Automeca Technical College-Aguadilla, Putnam Career and Technical Center, Automeca Technical College-Bayamon, Automeca Technical College-Caguas, Automeca Technical College-Ponce, Oconee Fall Line Technical College, Ocean County Vocational-Technical School, Okaloosa Technical College, South Louisiana Community College, IYRS School of Technology & Trades, Automotive Training Center-Warminster, College of Western Idaho, Fred K Marchman Technical College, Northeast Technology Center, MotoRing Technical Training Institute, Central Georgia Technical College, Tulsa Technology Center, Gadsden Technical College, Great Lakes Boat Building School"
