"document"
"A Motorcycle Mechanics is someone who Diagnose, adjust, repair, or overhaul motorcycles, scooters, mopeds, dirt bikes, or similar motorized vehicles. . The Motorcycle Mechanics  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Mount, balance, change, or check condition or pressure of tires., Replace defective parts, using hand tools, arbor presses, flexible power presses, or power tools., Dismantle engines and repair or replace defective parts, such as magnetos, carburetors, or generators., Connect test panels to engines and measure generator output, ignition timing, or other engine performance indicators., Listen to engines, examine vehicle frames, or confer with customers to determine nature and extent of malfunction or damage., Repair or replace other parts, such as headlights, horns, handlebar controls, gasoline or oil tanks, starters, or mufflers., Disassemble subassembly units and examine condition, movement, or alignment of parts, visually or using gauges., Repair or adjust motorcycle subassemblies, such as forks, transmissions, brakes, or drive chains, according to specifications., Reassemble frames and reinstall engines after repairs., Remove cylinder heads and grind valves to scrape off carbon and replace defective valves, pistons, cylinders, or rings, using hand and power tools., Install motorcycle accessories., Reassemble and test subassembly units., Hammer out dents and bends in frames and weld tears and breaks..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Operating system software, Web page creation and editing software, Inventory management software, Point of sale POS software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software. Examples include AbbottSoft QuickFix, Apple iOS, DealerTrax ShopOrder, Facebook, Inventory tracking software, LightSpeed Cloud, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Word, Santa Maria Software Counterman Pro, TRACKUM Repair Manager. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Vehicle lift, Chucks, Manual press brake, Automotive honing machine, Vehicle parts washing machine, Specialty wrenches, Wheel balancing equipment, Pullers, Grease lubricator, Engine tune up tester, Carburetor balancer, Metal cutters, Voltage or current meters, Hold down clamps, Spanner wrenches, Sound measuring apparatus or decibel meter, Multimeters, Sockets, Dynamometers, Torque wrenches, Angle measuring instrument, Automotive exhaust emission analyzers, Dollies, Engine or vehicle stands, Hex keys, Impact screwdriver, Screwdriver bits, Vehicle jack, Retaining ring pliers, Magnetic tools, Metal inert gas welding machine, Compression pressure gauge, Automotive boring machine, Valve refacer, Torx keys, Cleaning brushes, Oil pumps, Oil changer, Oil gauges, Ratchets, Rivet tools, Hand reamer, Wire twister, Socket attachments and accessories, Socket sets, Spark plug gap gauge, Spark plug wrench, Timing light, Tire changing machines, Tire spreader, Tire depth gauge, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Valve spring compressor, Crimping pliers. For example, Adjustable hand wrenches, Air lifts, Angled air chucks, Arbor presses, Automatic cylinder hones, Automatic part cleaners, Battery cable wrenches, Brake cylinder hones, Bubble balancers, Bushing pullers, Cable lubers, Carburetor diagnostic tools, Carburetor synchronizers, Chain breakers, Clamp meters, Clutch holders, Clutch hub spanners, Clutch pullers, Crankcase splitters, Crate lifts, Cycle docks, Decibel meters, Digital multimeters, Dirt bike lifts stands, Drag link sockets, Dynamometers, Electrical diagnostic tools, Electronic torque wrenches, Engine degree wheels, Engine exhaust analyzers, Equipment dollies, Flow benches, Flywheel pullers, Fork cap removers, Fork seal drivers, Front end stands, Head surfacing machines, Hex bits, Hydraulic vehicle lifts, Impact drivers, Large slotted bits, Lift-arm jacks, Lock ring tools, Magnetic bit holders, Metal inert gas MIG welders, Motorcycle chain breakers, Motorcycle compression gauges, Motorcycle cylinder bores, Motorcycle valve refacers, Neck bearing adjusters, Nylon brushes, O-ring pullers, Oil extractors, Oil fillers, Oil filter wrenches, Oil level gauges, Oil seal pullers, Peak voltage testers, Phillips bits, Ratchet sets, Ratcheting wrenches, Riveters, Rocket arm reamers, Safety wire pliers, Seal removers, Shock absorber wrenches, Sliding T-handles, Small slotted bits, Snap-ring pliers, Socket adapters, Socket drivers, Socket extensions, Socket wrench sets, Spark plug gap testers, Spark plug sockets, Spoke wrenches, Sportbike lifting arms, Spray washers, Spring hook tool sets, Steering race presses, Swingarm stands, Timing cover plug wrenches, Timing test lights, Tire balancers, Tire changers, Tire spreaders, Torx bits, Tread depth gauges, Tungsten inert gas TIG welders, Twisting pliers, Ultrasonic parts cleaners, Valve spring compressors, Valve stem inserters, Wheel balancers, Wire crimp pliers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Mechanical, Mathematics, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Coordination, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Motorcycle Mechanics occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Transportation Inspectors, Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 7.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 7.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Motorcycle Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
