"document"
"A Automotive Body and Related Repairers is someone who Repair and refinish automotive vehicle bodies and straighten vehicle frames. . The Automotive Body and Related Repairers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: File, grind, sand, and smooth filled or repaired surfaces, using power tools and hand tools., Inspect repaired vehicles for proper functioning, completion of work, dimensional accuracy, and overall appearance of paint job, and test-drive vehicles to ensure proper alignment and handling., Fit and weld replacement parts into place, using wrenches and welding equipment, and grind down welds to smooth them, using power grinders and other tools., Prime and paint repaired surfaces, using paint sprayguns and motorized sanders., Follow supervisors' instructions as to which parts to restore or replace and how much time the job should take., Sand body areas to be painted and cover bumpers, windows, and trim with masking tape or paper to protect them from the paint., Chain or clamp frames and sections to alignment machines that use hydraulic pressure to align damaged components., Position dolly blocks against surfaces of dented areas and beat opposite surfaces to remove dents, using hammers., Cut and tape plastic separating film to outside repair areas to avoid damaging surrounding surfaces during repair procedure and remove tape and wash surfaces after repairs are complete., Review damage reports, prepare or review repair cost estimates, and plan work to be performed., Fill small dents that cannot be worked out with plastic or solder., Remove damaged sections of vehicles using metal-cutting guns, air grinders and wrenches, and install replacement parts using wrenches or welding equipment., Remove small pits and dimples in body metal, using pick hammers and punches., Remove upholstery, accessories, electrical window-and-seat-operating equipment, and trim to gain access to vehicle bodies and fenders., Mix polyester resins and hardeners to be used in restoring damaged areas., Fit and secure windows, vinyl roofs, and metal trim to vehicle bodies, using caulking guns, adhesive brushes, and mallets., Adjust or align headlights, wheels, and brake systems., Replace damaged glass on vehicles., Remove damaged panels, and identify the family and properties of the plastic used on a vehicle., Apply heat to plastic panels, using hot-air welding guns or immersion in hot water, and press the softened panels back into shape by hand., Clean work areas, using air hoses, to remove damaged material and discarded fiberglass strips used in repair procedures., Soak fiberglass matting in resin mixtures and apply layers of matting over repair areas to specified thicknesses., Read specifications or confer with customers to determine the desired custom modifications for altering the appearance of vehicles., Cut openings in vehicle bodies for the installation of customized windows, using templates and power shears or chisels., Measure and mark vinyl material and cut material to size for roof installation, using rules, straightedges, and hand shears..  They also know about using the following technology: Accounting software, Calendar and scheduling software, Point of sale POS software, Data base user interface and query software, Analytical or scientific software, Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software, Electronic mail software, Operating system software. Examples include Accounting software, Accounts receivable software, Appointment scheduling software, Automotive and Accounting Software by R*KOM Invoice Writer, AutoZone ALLDATA, Collision damage estimation software, Collision damage measurement software, Equipment management information software, Inventory management software, Materials management software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft OneNote, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Paint mixing and matching software, Swan River Estimiser Pro. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Pneumatic hammer, Air compressors, Pressure indicators, Wheel alignment equipment, Squares, Anvils, Blow torch, Power saws, Spatulas, Welder torch, Power buffers, Calipers, Cold chisels, Trim or molding tools, Hammers, Depth gauges, Desktop computers, Dial indicator or dial gauge, Digital cameras, Knife blades, Metal cutters, Drill press or radial drill, Feeler gauges, Fluorescent lamps, Shears, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Grease guns, Power grinders, Manual press brake, Height gauges, Paint sprayers, Hoists, Heat guns, Lifts, Workshop cranes, Jacks, Impact wrenches, Infrared lamps, Laser printers, Power sanders, Metal inert gas welding machine, Micrometers, Nut drivers, Stencils or lettering aids, Personal computers, Pullers, Pitch measuring instruments, Pneumatic grinders, Pneumatic press, Rivet tools, Spot welding machine, Power drills, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Pneumatic sanding machines, Pressure or steam cleaners, Pry bars, Stamping dies or punches, Ratchets, Respirators, S hooks, Safety glasses, Protective gloves, Protective hood, Sanding blocks, Razor knives, Screwdrivers, Mill saw file, Socket sets, Soldering iron, Chisel bit, Paint application system, Wire brushes, Welding or soldering kit, Suction cups, Rasps, Telescoping gauge, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Wedges, Welding generator, Welding electrode, Goggles, Welding masks, Welding or cutting tip, Utility knives. For example, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Air chisels, Air compressors, Air hammers, Air pressure gauges, Alignment machines, Alignment squares, Anvils, Blow torches, Body saws, Bondo spreaders, Brazing equipment, Buffing machines, Calipers, Cold chisels, Crown spoons, Dent hammers, Depth gauges, Desktop computers, Dial indicators, Digital cameras, Door skin dollies, Double-edged blades, Double-edged cutter tools, Drill presses, Feeler gauges, Fluorescent lights, Foot shears, Frame alignment equipment, Gas arc welding equipment, General purpose spoons, Grease guns, Grinders, Hand brakes, Hand shears, Heavy duty inside spoons, Heel dollies, Height gauges, High velocity low pressure HVLP spray equipment, Hoists, Hot air guns, Hydraulic automobile lifts, Hydraulic cranes, Hydraulic jacks, Impact wrenches, Infrared IR paint curing units, Jacks, Laser printers, Machine polishers, Media blasters, Metal inert gas MIG welders, Micrometers, Nut drivers, Oxyacetylene torches, Paint sprayers, Paint stencils, Panel cutters, Personal computers, Pick hammers, Pick pull rods, Pitch gauges, Pneumatic grinders, Pneumatic hammers, Pneumatic metal cutting guns, Pneumatic panel crimpers, Pneumatic smoothing hammers, Pop rivet guns, Portable buffers, Portable welding machines, Power drills, Power punches, Power sanders, Power shears, Pressure feed sandblasters, Pressure gauges, Pressure washers, Pry bars, Pull rods, Punches, Ratchets, Resistance spot welding equipment, Respirators, Rivet busters, S-hooks, Safety glasses, Safety gloves, Safety hoods, Sanding blocks, Scrapers, Screwdrivers, Single-cut mill saw files, Slapping spoons, Slide hammers, Socket sets, Socket wrench sets, Soldering equipment, Spoon dollies, Spot weld breakers, Spray booths, Stainless steel brushes, Steam cleaning equipment, Stud welder kits, Suction cups, Suction feed sandblasters, Surforms, T pullers, Telescoping gauges, Toe dollies, Tungsten inert gas TIG welding equipment, Universal railroad dollies, Vernier calipers, Wedges, Weld current controllers, Welding electrodes, Welding goggles, Welding helmets, Welding hoods, Welding tips, Windshield knives. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Transportation, Mechanical, Mathematics, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Automotive Body and Related Repairers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics, Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers, Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Automotive Body and Related Repairers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
