"document"
"A Commercial Divers is someone who Work below surface of water, using surface-supplied air or scuba equipment to inspect, repair, remove, or install equipment and structures. May use a variety of power and hand tools, such as drills, sledgehammers, torches, and welding equipment. May conduct tests or experiments, rig explosives, or photograph structures or marine life. . The Commercial Divers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Take appropriate safety precautions, such as monitoring dive lengths and depths and registering with authorities before diving expeditions begin., Check and maintain diving equipment, such as helmets, masks, air tanks, harnesses, or gauges., Communicate with workers on the surface while underwater, using signal lines or telephones., Descend into water with the aid of diver helpers, using scuba gear or diving suits., Obtain information about diving tasks and environmental conditions., Supervise or train other divers, including hobby divers., Inspect the condition of underwater steel or wood structures., Inspect and test docks, ships, buoyage systems, plant intakes or outflows, or underwater pipelines, cables, or sewers, using closed circuit television, still photography, and testing equipment., Repair ships, bridge foundations, or other structures below the water line, using caulk, bolts, and hand tools., Recover objects by placing rigging around sunken objects, hooking rigging to crane lines, and operating winches, derricks, or cranes to raise objects., Operate underwater video, sonar, recording, or related equipment to investigate underwater structures or marine life., Take test samples or photographs to assess the condition of vessels or structures., Cut and weld steel, using underwater welding equipment, jigs, and supports., Install, inspect, clean, or repair piping or valves., Carry out non-destructive testing, such as tests for cracks on the legs of oil rigs at sea., Install pilings or footings for piers or bridges., Salvage wrecked ships or their cargo, using pneumatic power velocity and hydraulic tools and explosive charges, when necessary., Remove obstructions from strainers or marine railway or launching ways, using pneumatic or power hand tools., Set or guide placement of pilings or sandbags to provide support for structures, such as docks, bridges, cofferdams, or platforms., Perform activities related to underwater search and rescue, salvage, recovery, or cleanup operations., Perform offshore oil or gas exploration or extraction duties, such as conducting underwater surveys or repairing and maintaining drilling rigs or platforms., Drill holes in rock and rig explosives for underwater demolitions., Remove rubbish or pollution from the sea., Set up dive sites for recreational instruction., Cultivate or harvest marine species or perform routine work on fish farms..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Analytical or scientific software, Internet browser software. Examples include Diving logbook software, Diving table software, Dynamic positioning DP software, Remote operated vehicle ROV dive log software, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Scuba tanks, Diving instruments or accessories, Barometers, Box end wrenches, Bouyancy compensators, Single gas monitors, Hoists, Masks or fins or snorkels, Closed circuit television CCTV system, Pullers, Thickness measuring devices, Clock timers, Diving air pump, Wetsuits, Drysuits, Detonators, Utility knives, Gas mixer, Specialty wrenches, Winches, Diving boot, Demolition hammers, Hydraulic shears, Hose reel, Torque wrenches, Jib crane, Magnetic particle examination equipment, Measuring jigs, Corrosion testers, Water samplers, Multi gas monitors, Oxygen gas analyzers, Pry bars, Metal detectors, Concrete or cement testing instruments, Scuba regulators, Pick or place robots, Sledge hammer, Submersible pumps, Ultrasonic examination equipment, Wire or cable cutter, Blow torch, Chain saw, Power chippers, Geological compasses, Power saws, Depth gauges, Flashlight, Hammer drills, Power drills, Impact wrenches, Pneumatic hammer, Power grinders, Pressure gauge, Reciprocating saw, Underwater cameras, Sinker drills, Sonars, Circuit breakers, Shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine, Welding regulator oxygen, Dredge pumps, Water hoses, Electrode holder, Anemometers, Underwater communication system. For example, Adjustable crescent wrenches, Air tanks, Bailout bottles, Barometers, Box end wrenches, Buoyancy control devices, Carbon dioxide CO2 monitors, Chain hoists, Closed circuit system helmets, Closed circuit televisions, Closed diving bells, Code alpha flags, Comealongs, Cylinder harnesses, Digital thickness gauges, Dive computers, Dive timing devices, Divers' knives, Divers' lights, Divers' safety harnesses, Diving compressor systems, Diving gauges, Diving masks, Diving suits, Dry suits, Emergency diver recovery hoists, Explosive detonation devices, Fins, Folding knives, Gas blending panels, Gas reclaim system helmets, Hammer wrenches, Hand winches, Hard sole wet boots, Heavyweight diving helmets, Hydraulic breakers, Hydraulic cutters, Hydraulic hose reels, Hydraulic torque wrenches, Inflatable dive markers, Jib cranes, Lightweight diving helmets, Magnetic particle inspectors, Measuring jigs, Mechanical pit gauges, Mechanical sampling buckets, Mixed gas analysis equipment, Open bottom diving bells, Oxygen analyzers, Pry bars, Rebar locators, Rebound hammers, Rebreathers, Remote operated vehicles ROV, Rigging knives, Sample jars, Snorkels, Steel sledge hammers, Submersible pumps, Ultrasonic pulse velocity meters, Ultrasonic thickness testers, Umbilical cutters, Underwater blow torches, Underwater chainsaws, Underwater chipping hammers, Underwater compasses, Underwater cutoff saws, Underwater depth gauges, Underwater flashlights, Underwater hammer drills, Underwater hydraulic drills, Underwater impact wrenches, Underwater jackhammers, Underwater power drills, Underwater power grinders, Underwater pressure gauges, Underwater reciprocating saws, Underwater recording equipment, Underwater sinker drills, Underwater sonar equipment, Underwater video cameras, Underwater video equipment, Underwater welding current breakers, Underwater welding equipment, Underwater welding oxygen regulators, Underwater writing slates, Water dredges, Water jets, Weight belts, Welding electrode holders, Wet suit gloves, Wind sensors, Wireless communication systems. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Spatial Orientation, Visualization, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Dynamic Strength, Trunk Strength, Stamina, Extent Flexibility, Gross Body Coordination, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Depth Perception, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Engineering and Technology, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, Physics, Education and Training, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Instructing, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Commercial Divers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Solar Energy Systems Engineers, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health, Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers, Transportation Inspectors. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 31.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 31.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. According to ONET survey research, 72% feel this occupation requires a Post-Secondary Certificate - awarded for training completed after high school (for example, in agriculture or natural resources, computer services, personal or culinary services, engineering technologies, healthcare, construction trades, mechanic and repair technologies, or precision production) Educational programs associated with this occupation tend to graduate people with the following degrees: Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs), Associate's degree. Among black students completing instructional programs related to this occupation, 2% received a Associate's degree, 2% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), 3% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs). The following schools granted the most credentials aligned with the educational requirements related to this occupation: University of Alaska Southeast, National University, Santa Barbara City College, Colorado Mesa University, The College of the Florida Keys, Ball State University, Ocean Corporation, Divers Institute of Technology, South Louisiana Community College, Pacific Islands University, CDA Technical Institute, Commercial Diving Technologies Institute"
