"document"
"A Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers is someone who Help installation, maintenance, and repair workers in maintenance, parts replacement, and repair of vehicles, industrial machinery, and electrical and electronic equipment. Perform duties such as furnishing tools, materials, and supplies to other workers; cleaning work area, machines, and tools; and holding materials or tools for other workers. . The Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Install or replace machinery, equipment, and new or replacement parts and instruments, using hand or power tools., Examine and test machinery, equipment, components, and parts for defects to ensure proper functioning., Tend and observe equipment and machinery to verify efficient and safe operation., Adjust, connect, or disconnect wiring, piping, tubing, and other parts, using hand or power tools., Clean or lubricate vehicles, machinery, equipment, instruments, tools, work areas, and other objects, using hand tools, power tools, and cleaning equipment., Hold or supply tools, parts, equipment, and supplies for other workers., Diagnose electrical problems and install and rewire electrical components., Disassemble broken or defective equipment to facilitate repair and reassemble equipment when repairs are complete., Position vehicles, machinery, equipment, physical structures, and other objects for assembly or installation, using hand tools, power tools, and moving equipment., Transfer tools, parts, equipment, and supplies to and from work stations and other areas., Adjust, maintain, and repair tools, equipment, and machines, and assist more skilled workers with similar tasks., Order new parts to maintain inventory., Apply protective materials to equipment, components, and parts to prevent defects and corrosion., Design, weld, and fabricate parts, using blueprints or other mechanical plans., Assemble and maintain physical structures, using hand or power tools., Prepare work stations for use by mechanics and repairers..  They also know about using the following technology: Word processing software, Industrial control software, Computer aided design CAD software, Data base user interface and query software, Facilities management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Operating system software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software. Examples include Atlas Construction Business Forms, Building automation software, Computer aided design CAD software, Data logging software, Facility energy management software, HVAC tools software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, SAP software, Spreadsheet software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Pneumatic hammer, Air compressors, Levels, Backhoes, Ball peen hammer, Conventional truck cranes, Manlift or personnel lift, Box end wrenches, Articulating boom lift, Caulking guns, Hoists, Power saws, Claw hammer, Combination wrenches, Portable data input terminals, Dollies, Drilling machines, Facial shields, Forklifts, Front end loaders, Grease guns, Hand trucks or accessories, Ladders, Locking pliers, Mallets, Needlenose pliers, Notebook computers, Open end wrenches, Track cranes, Paint brushes, Paint rollers, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Pipe or tube cutter, Threading machine, Pipe wrenches, Pneumatic drill, Spot welding machine, Power chippers, Power drills, Power grinders, Power nail guns, Power sanders, Ratchets, Protective gloves, Goggles, Pneumatic sanding machines, Scaffolding, Skid steer loaders, Sledge hammer, Pressure or steam cleaners, Torque wrenches, Tube end finisher, Utility knives, Vacuum pumps, Wire cutters, Stripping tools. For example, Adjustable wrenches, Air chisels, Air compressors, Automatic levels, Backhoes, Ball peen hammers, Boom trucks, Bosun chairs, Box end wrenches, Bucket trucks, Carpenter levels, Carpenters' levels, Caulking guns, Chain hoists, Circular saws, Claw hammers, Combination wrenches, Computerized meter readers, Dollies, Drill presses, Face masks, Forklifts, Front end loaders, Grease guns, Hand trucks, Hi-los, Jackhammers, Ladders, Locking pliers, Mallets, Needlenose pliers, Notebook computers, Open end wrenches, Overhead cranes, Paint application brushes, Paint application rollers, Personal computers, Phillips head screwdrivers, Pipe cutters, Pipe threading machines, Pipe wrenches, Pneumatic drills, Pneumatic hammers, Portable welding equipment, Power chippers, Power drills, Power grinders, Power hoists, Power nailers, Power sanders, Power saws, Ratchets, Reciprocating saws, Saber saws, Safety gloves, Safety goggles, Sandblasters, Scaffolding, Skip loaders, Sledgehammers, Steam cleaning equipment, Straight screwdrivers, Torpedo levels, Torque wrenches, Tube crimping tools, Utility knives, Vacuum pumps, Wire cutters, Wire strippers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Information Ordering, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Stamina, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Design, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, Physics, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door, Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians, Crane and Tower Operators, Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Helpers--Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Workers. Next, you move to Plumbers, Pipefitters, and Steamfitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
