"document"
"A Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers is someone who Install, service, adjust, or repair coin, vending, or amusement machines including video games, juke boxes, pinball machines, or slot machines. . The Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Information, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Fill machines with products, ingredients, money, and other supplies., Inspect machines and meters to determine causes of malfunctions and fix minor problems such as jammed bills or stuck products., Test machines to determine proper functioning., Replace malfunctioning parts, such as worn magnetic heads on automatic teller machine (ATM) card readers., Maintain records of machine maintenance and repair., Clean and oil machine parts., Order parts needed for machine repairs., Adjust and repair coin, vending, or amusement machines and meters and replace defective mechanical and electrical parts, using hand tools, soldering irons, and diagrams., Record transaction information on forms or logs, and notify designated personnel of discrepancies., Keep records of merchandise distributed and money collected., Collect coins and bills from machines, prepare invoices, and settle accounts with concessionaires., Make service calls to maintain and repair machines., Adjust machine pressure gauges and thermostats., Prepare repair cost estimates., Disassemble and assemble machines, according to specifications and using hand and power tools., Contact other repair personnel or make arrangements for the removal of machines in cases where major repairs are required., Transport machines to installation sites., Refer to manuals and wiring diagrams to gather information needed to repair machines., Install machines, making the necessary water and electrical connections in compliance with codes..  They also know about using the following technology: Electronic mail software, Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Internet browser software. Examples include Email software, Inventory tracking software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Allen wrench, Screwdrivers, Automatic teller machines ATMs, Specialty wrenches, Capacitor tester, Locking pliers, Claw hammer, Bill to coin changers, Commercial use coffee or iced tea makers, Scanners, Power drills, Power saws, Magnetic stripe readers and encoders, Magnetizer demagnetizer devices, Desoldering Gun, Multimeters, Ohmmeters, Oscilloscopes, Voltage or current meters, Circuit tester, Power screwguns, Bastard cut file, Cold chisels, Crimping pliers, Optical or compact disc juke box, Integrated circuit testers, Magnetic tools, Nut drivers, Magnifying lamp, Mini pliers, Signal generators, Needlenose pliers, Precision file, Pullers, Personal computers, Pinball games, Grinding wheels, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Razor knives, Power grinders, Light bulb changer, Poker or slot machines, Inspection mirror, Snack or small package goods display machines, Soldering iron, Pressure sensors, Vacuum gauges, Video games, Wire cutters, Wire-stripping pliers, Flashlight. For example, Adjustable wrenches, Allen wrenches, Angled screwdrivers, Automatic teller machine ATM banking machines, Bullet button wrenches, Capacitor checkers, Channel lock pliers, Claw hammers, Coin machines, Commercial coffee brewers, Computer data input scanners, Contact adjusters, Cordless drills, Cordless power saws, Credit card readers, Degauss coils, Desoldering tools, Digital multimeters, Digital ohmmeters, Digital oscilloscopes, Digital volt meters, Dual trace scopes, Electric circuit testers, Electric saws, Electric screwdrivers, Flat bastard files, Flat cold chisels, Flathead screwdrivers, Hand crimp tools, High voltage probes, Juke boxes, Leak seekers, Logic analyzers, Logic probes, Magnetic extendable tools, Magnetic nut drivers, Magnifier lights, Mini plier sets, National Television System Committee NTSC pattern generators, Needle nose pliers, Non-conductive files, Palnut removal tools, Personal computers, Phillips screwdrivers, Pinball machines, Power grinding wheels, Punch sets, Razor blade knives, Rotary tools, Rubber light bulb removers, Slot machines, Small mirror tools, Snack vending machines, Soldering irons, Spring gauges, T handle allen wrenches, T handle nut drivers, Vacuum testers, Video game machines, Wire cutting tools, Wire strippers, Work lights. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Visualization, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Mechanical to do their job well. They employ the following skills Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing. Their average day consists of the following activities Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Processing Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers, Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers, Potters, Manufacturing, Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians, Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Network and Computer Systems Administrators. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Network and Computer Systems Administrators. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Network and Computer Systems Administrators. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Network and Computer Systems Administrators. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Network and Computer Systems Administrators. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Computer, Automated Teller, and Office Machine Repairers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Remote Sensing Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Remote Sensing Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Remote Sensing Technicians. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Remote Sensing Technicians. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Remote Sensing Technicians. The journey culminates with Industrial Ecologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Coin, Vending, and Amusement Machine Servicers and Repairers. Next, you move to Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. "
