"document"
"A Signal and Track Switch Repairers is someone who Install, inspect, test, maintain, or repair electric gate crossings, signals, signal equipment, track switches, section lines, or intercommunications systems within a railroad system. . The Signal and Track Switch Repairers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Inspect and test operation, mechanical parts, and circuitry of gate crossings, signals, and signal equipment such as interlocks and hotbox detectors., Inspect electrical units of railroad grade crossing gates and repair loose bolts and defective electrical connections and parts., Test and repair track circuits., Drive motor vehicles to job sites., Install, inspect, maintain, and repair various railroad service equipment on the road or in the shop, including railroad signal systems., Tighten loose bolts, using wrenches, and test circuits and connections by opening and closing gates., Inspect switch-controlling mechanisms on trolley wires and in track beds, using hand tools and test equipment., Replace defective wiring, broken lenses, or burned-out light bulbs., Inspect, maintain, and replace batteries as needed., Record and report information about mileage or track inspected, repairs performed, and equipment requiring replacement., Lubricate moving parts on gate-crossing mechanisms and swinging signals., Clean lenses of lamps with cloths and solvents., Test air lines and air cylinders on pneumatically operated gates., Maintain high tension lines, de-energizing lines for power companies when repairs are requested..  They also know about using the following technology: Facilities management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Industrial control software, Internet browser software. Examples include Maintenance management software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Supervisory control and data acquisition SCADA software, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Articulating boom lift, Audio spectrum analyzer, Brush cutter, Ammeters, Closed circuit television CCTV system, Oscilloscopes, Digital cameras, Stop watch, Voltage or current meters, Passive infrared sensor, Inkjet printers, Inkjet fax machine, Notebook computers, Lifts, Megohmmeters, Screwdrivers, Hammers, Personal computers, Power drills, Power grinders, Relay tester, Shovels, Slip joint pliers, Frequency analyzers, Rail switching systems, Rail joint gap gauge, Specialty wrenches, Forklifts, Crimping pliers. For example, Adjustable hand wrenches, Articulating aerial lift equipment, Audio spectrum analyzers, Brush cutting equipment, Clamp-on ammeters, Closed circuit television CCTV systems, Digital oscilloscopes, Digital still cameras, Digital timers, Digital voltage meters, Frequency specific volt meters, Hotbox detectors, Inkjet computer printers, Inkjet fax machines, Laptop computers, Mechanical lifts, Meggers, Multi-tip screwdrivers, Multipurpose hammers, Personal computers, Power drills, Power grinders, Relay testers, Shovels, Slip joint pliers, Spectrum analyzers, Switch machines, Switch obstruction gauges, Terminal post wrenches, Wheel forklifts, Wire crimpers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Transportation, Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Building and Construction, Mechanical, English Language, Public Safety and Security, Telecommunications to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Complex Problem Solving, Equipment Selection, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Signal and Track Switch Repairers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Computer Network Support Specialists, Museum Technicians and Conservators, Transportation Inspectors. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 11.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 11.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. "
