"document"
"A Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers is someone who Repair and adjust cameras and photographic equipment, including commercial video and motion picture camera equipment. . The Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Adjust cameras, photographic mechanisms, or equipment such as range and view finders, shutters, light meters, or lens systems, using hand tools., Disassemble equipment to gain access to defect, using hand tools., Test equipment performance, focus of lens system, diaphragm alignment, lens mounts, or film transport, using precision gauges., Clean and lubricate cameras and polish camera lenses, using cleaning materials and work aids., Requisition parts or materials., Calibrate and verify accuracy of light meters, shutter diaphragm operation, or lens carriers, using timing instruments., Examine cameras, equipment, processed film, or laboratory reports to diagnose malfunction, using work aids and specifications., Read and interpret engineering drawings, diagrams, instructions, or specifications to determine needed repairs, fabrication method, and operation sequence., Measure parts to verify specified dimensions or settings, such as camera shutter speed or light meter reading accuracy, using measuring instruments., Fabricate or modify defective electronic, electrical, or mechanical components, using bench lathe, milling machine, shaper, grinder, or precision hand tools, according to specifications., Install electrical assemblies and wiring in aircraft camera housings and memory cards or film in cameras, following blueprints and using hand tools and soldering equipment., Assemble aircraft cameras, still or motion picture cameras, photographic equipment, or frames, using diagrams, blueprints, bench machines, hand tools, or power tools., Record test data and document fabrication techniques on reports., Lay out reference points and dimensions on parts or metal stock to be machined, using precision measuring instruments., Recommend design changes or upgrades of microfilming, film-developing, or photographic equipment..  They also know about using the following technology: Electronic mail software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software, Data base user interface and query software, Industrial control software. Examples include Email software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Word, RepairTRAX, Statistical process control SPC software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Lux or light meter, Specialty wrenches, Automatic lathe or chucking machine, Cleaning scrapers, Dial indicator or dial gauge, Calipers, Multimeters, Soldering iron, Autocollimator, Loupes, Hand vise, Mini pliers, Screwdrivers, Tweezers, Needlenose pliers, Personal computers, Power grinders, Gage block set, Needle file, Retaining ring pliers, Scratch brushes, Frequency counters or timer or dividers, End cut pliers, Spanner wrenches. For example, Aperture testers, Battery cover removal tools, Bench lathes, Cleaning scrapers, Dial indicators, Dial vernier calipers, Digital light meters, Digital multimeters, Electric soldering irons, Eyepiece tools, Filter ring removers, Flexi clamp wrenches, Focus testers, Head loupes, Lens filter ring vises, Lens spanners, Metal lens wrenches, Mini pliers sets, Mini screwdrivers, Mini tweezers, Minispan wrenches, Needle nose pliers, Personal computers, Power grinders, Precision gauges, Precision needle file sets, Retaining ring removal tools, Rotary tools, Scratch brushes, Shutter speed testers, Side cutting pliers, Spanner wrenches. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Visualization, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Mechanical, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Complex Problem Solving, Equipment Selection, Operations Monitoring, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Working with Computers, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Museum Technicians and Conservators, Computer Network Support Specialists, Remote Sensing Technicians, Biological Technicians. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 10.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 10.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Remote Sensing Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Remote Sensing Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Remote Sensing Technicians. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Remote Sensing Technicians. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Remote Sensing Technicians. The journey culminates with Industrial Ecologists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Camera and Photographic Equipment Repairers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. "
