"document"
"A Maintenance Workers, Machinery is someone who Lubricate machinery, change parts, or perform other routine machinery maintenance. . The Maintenance Workers, Machinery  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Start machines and observe mechanical operation to determine efficiency and to detect problems., Read work orders and specifications to determine machines and equipment requiring repair or maintenance., Inspect or test damaged machine parts, and mark defective areas or advise supervisors of repair needs., Reassemble machines after the completion of repair or maintenance work., Dismantle machines and remove parts for repair, using hand tools, chain falls, jacks, cranes, or hoists., Install, replace, or change machine parts and attachments, according to production specifications., Collaborate with other workers to repair or move machines, machine parts, or equipment., Inventory and requisition machine parts, equipment, and other supplies so that stock can be maintained and replenished., Record production, repair, and machine maintenance information., Set up and operate machines, and adjust controls to regulate operations., Lubricate or apply adhesives or other materials to machines, machine parts, or other equipment according to specified procedures., Collect and discard worn machine parts and other refuse to maintain machinery and work areas., Clean machines and machine parts, using cleaning solvents, cloths, air guns, hoses, vacuums, or other equipment., Transport machine parts, tools, equipment, and other material between work areas and storage, using cranes, hoists, or dollies., Replace, empty, or replenish machine and equipment containers such as gas tanks or boxes., Replace or repair metal, wood, leather, glass, or other lining in machines, or in equipment compartments or containers., Remove hardened material from machines or machine parts, using abrasives, power and hand tools, jackhammers, sledgehammers, or other equipment., Measure, mix, prepare, and test chemical solutions used to clean or repair machinery and equipment..  They also know about using the following technology: Facilities management software, Data base user interface and query software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Operating system software, Calendar and scheduling software, Internet browser software. Examples include Computerized maintenance management system software CMMS, Database software, Management information systems MIS, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Operating system software, SAP software, Scheduling software, Spreadsheet software, Web browser software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Abrasive stones, Abrasive drums, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Metal band sawing machine, Power saws, Manual press brake, Power buffers, Hoists, Compressed air gun, Deburring tool, Calipers, Dial indicator or dial gauge, Dollies, Drill bit set, Drill press or radial drill, Ear plugs, Forklifts, Grease guns, Power grinders, Hacksaw, Hammers, Hard hats, Hold down clamps, Automotive honing machine, Vacuum cleaners, Pneumatic hammer, Jacks, Ladders, Grinders, Tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe, Levels, Lockout devices, Manlift or personnel lift, Metal cutters, Cutting die, Taps, Metal inert gas welding machine, Micrometers, Milling machines, Blow torch, Pallet trucks, Personal computers, Threading die hand tool, Plumb bobs, Metal polishing machine, Power drills, Microcontrollers, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Hand reamer, Respirators, Slings, Power riveter, Rulers, Safety harnesses or belts, Machine guarding, Safety glasses, Scaffolding, Screwdrivers, Shears, Metal folding machine, Shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine, Sledge hammer, Socket sets, Soldering iron, Spot welding machine, Straight edges, Tablet computers, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Welding or cutting tip, Workshop cranes. For example, Abrasive rubbing stones, Abrasive wheels, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Bandsaws, Bench saws, Brakes, Buffing machines, Chain falls, Compressed air guns, Cutoff saws, Deburring tools, Dial calipers, Dial indicators, Dollies, Drill bit sets, Drill presses, Ear plugs, Forklifts, Grease guns, Grinding machines, Hacksaws, Hammers, Hard hats, Hoists, Hold down clamps, Hones, Industrial vacuums, Jackhammers, Jacks, Ladders, Lapping equipment, Lathes, Levels, Lockout hasps, Manlifts, Metal cutters, Metal cutting dies, Metal cutting taps, Metal inert gas MIG welders, Micrometers, Milling machines, Oxyacetylene torches, Pallet jacks, Personal computers, Pipe threaders, Plumb bobs, Polishing machines, Power drills, Power grinders, Power hacksaws, Power saws, Programmable logic controllers PLC, Punches, Reamers, Respirators, Rigging equipment, Rivet guns, Rulers, Safety belts, Safety blocks, Safety glasses, Scaffolding, Screwdrivers, Shears, Sheet metal folders, Shielded arc welding tools, Sledgehammers, Socket wrench sets, Soldering guns, Spot-welding equipment, Steel rules, Straightedges, Tablet computers, Tungsten inert gas TIG welding equipment, Vernier calipers, Welding tips, Workshop cranes. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Engineering and Technology, Design, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Maintenance Workers, Machinery occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Museum Technicians and Conservators, Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Transportation Inspectors. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 100.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 100.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. "
