"document"
"A Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door is someone who Install, repair, and maintain mechanical regulating and controlling devices, such as electric meters, gas regulators, thermostats, safety and flow valves, and other mechanical governors. . The Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Record maintenance information, including test results, material usage, and repairs made., Disassemble and repair mechanical control devices or valves, such as regulators, thermostats, or hydrants, using power tools, hand tools, and cutting torches., Lubricate wearing surfaces of mechanical parts, using oils or other lubricants., Calibrate instrumentation, such as meters, gauges, and regulators, for pressure, temperature, flow, and level., Install, inspect and test electric meters, relays, and power sources to detect causes of malfunctions and inaccuracies, using hand tools and testing equipment., Test valves and regulators for leaks and accurate temperature and pressure settings, using precision testing equipment., Record meter readings and installation data on meter cards, work orders, or field service orders, or enter data into hand-held computers., Turn meters on or off to establish or close service., Shut off service and notify repair crews when major repairs are required, such as the replacement of underground pipes or wiring., Install regulators and related equipment such as gas meters, odorization units, and gas pressure telemetering equipment., Cut seats to receive new orifices, tap inspection ports, and perform other repairs to salvage usable materials, using hand tools and machine tools., Turn valves to allow measured amounts of air or gas to pass through meters at specified flow rates., Report hazardous field situations and damaged or missing meters., Vary air pressure flowing into regulators and turn handles to assess functioning of valves and pistons., Examine valves or mechanical control device parts for defects, dents, or loose attachments, and mark malfunctioning areas of defective units., Mount and install meters and other electric equipment such as time clocks, transformers, and circuit breakers, using electricians' hand tools., Connect regulators to test stands, and turn screw adjustments until gauges indicate that inlet and outlet pressures meet specifications., Investigate instances of illegal tapping into service lines., Trace and tag meters or house lines., Repair electric meters and components, such as transformers and relays, and replace metering devices, dial glasses, and faulty or incorrect wiring, using hand tools., Replace defective parts, such as bellows, range springs, and toggle switches, and reassemble units according to blueprints, using cam presses and hand tools., Recondition displacement type gas meters and governors, fabricating, machining, or modifying parts needed for repairs., Measure tolerances of assembled and salvageable parts for conformance to standards or specifications, using gauges, micrometers, and calipers., Clean internal compartments and moving parts, using rags and cleaning compounds., Dismantle meters, and replace or adjust defective parts such as cases, shafts, gears, disks, and recording mechanisms, using soldering irons and hand tools., Disconnect or remove defective or unauthorized meters, using hand tools., Reassemble repaired equipment, and solder top, front, and back case panels in place, using soldering guns, power tools, and hand tools., Attach air hoses to meter inlets, plug outlets, and observe gauges for pressure losses to test internal seams for leaks., Make adjustments to meter components, such as setscrews or timing mechanisms, so that they conform to specifications., Recommend and write up specifications for changes in hardware, such as house wiring., Clamp regulator units into vises on stages above water tanks, and attach compressed air hoses to intake ports., Repair leaks in valve seats or bellows of automotive heater thermostats, using soft solder, flux, and acetylene torches., Collect money due on delinquent accounts., Splice and connect cables from meters or current transformers to pull boxes or switchboards, using hand tools., Attach pressurized meters to fixtures which submerge them in water, and observe meters for leaks., Advise customers on proper installation of valves or regulators and related equipment., Calibrate thermostats for specified temperature or pressure settings., Clean plant growth, scale, paint, soil, or rust from meter housings, using wire brushes, scrapers, buffers, sandblasters, or cleaning compounds., Connect hoses from provers to meter inlets and outlets, and raise prover bells until prover gauges register zero..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer aided design CAD software, Analytical or scientific software, Graphical user interface development software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Development environment software, Project management software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Cloud-based data access and sharing software, Process mapping and design software, Operating system software, Word processing software, Industrial control software. Examples include Autodesk AutoCAD, Emerson FIRSTVUE Value Sizing, Graphical user interface GUI design software, IBM Maximo Asset Management, Ladder Logic, Maintenance record software, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft SharePoint, Microsoft Visio, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Operating system software, Oracle Primavera Enterprise Project Portfolio Management, Programmable logic controller PLC software, SAP software, Spreadsheet software, Structured query language SQL, Supervisory control and data acquisition SCADA software, Wonderware software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Blow torch, Adjustable wrenches, Air compressors, Ammeters, Bench vises, Articulating boom lift, Circuit tester, Wire or cable cutter, Claw hammer, Conduit benders, Pipe or tube cutter, Open end wrenches, Portable data input terminals, Desktop computers, Diagonal cut pliers, Linemans pliers, Fish tape, Flowmeters, Forklifts, Grease guns, Power grinders, Slip or groove joint pliers, Hacksaw, Saws, Radio frequency transmitters or receivers, Hydraulic pumps, Hydraulic truck cranes, Impact wrenches, Infrared imagers, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Insulated screwdriver, Specialty wrenches, Pad or keyhole saw, Ladders, Notebook computers, Squares, Locking pliers, Longnose pliers, Calipers, Tape measures, Cutting die, Taps, Micrometers, Multimeters, Nut drivers, Track cranes, Paint application system, Paint sprayers, Personal computers, Phasemeters, Screwdrivers, Rivet tools, Spot welding machine, Power drills, Power saws, Power screwguns, Frequency calibrator or simulator, Levels, Pressure indicators, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Pipe wrenches, Rasps, Protective gloves, Pneumatic sanding machines, Scaffolding, Razor knives, End cut pliers, Mill saw file, Soldering iron, Cold chisels, Voltage or current meters, Tongs, Two way radios, Utility knives, Wattmeters, Wire brushes, Wire lug crimping tool, Wire cutters, Stripping tools. For example, Acetylene torches, Adjustable wrenches, Air compressors, Ammeters, Bench vises, Bucket trucks, Burden testers, Cable cutters, Circuit testers, Clamp-on meters, Claw hammers, Conduit benders, Copper cutters, Crescent wrenches, Cutting torches, Dataloggers, Desktop computers, Diagonal cutting pliers, Electrician's pliers, Fish tapes, Flow meters, Flow recorders, Forklifts, Grease guns, Grinding tools, Groove-joint pliers, Hacksaws, Hand saws, Handheld computers, Handheld transmitters, Hydraulic pumps, Hydraulic truck-mounted cranes, Hydraulic wrenches, Infrared cameras, Insulated adjustable widemouth pliers, Insulated screwdrivers, Insulated wrenches, Keyhole saws, Ladders, Laptop computers, Layout squares, Locking pliers, Longnose pliers, Measurement calipers, Measuring tapes, Metal cutting dies, Metal cutting taps, Micrometers, Mobile data terminals, Multimeters, Nut drivers, Overhead cranes, Paint spray booths, Paint spray guns, Personal computers, Phasemeters, Phillips head screwdrivers, Pipe cutters, Pop rivet guns, Portable welding equipment, Power drills, Power saws, Power screwdrivers, Power system analyzers, Power wrenches, Precision levels, Pressure gauges, Pressure recorders, Punches, Quick wrenches, Rasps, Robertson screwdrivers, Rubber gloves, Sandblasters, Scaffolding, Scrapers, Side cutting pliers, Single-cut mill saw files, Slip joint pliers, Soldering irons, Steel chisels, Straight screwdrivers, Test lamps, Tongs, Two way radios, Utility knives, Voltmeters, Watt-hour test meters, Wire brushes, Wire crimpers, Wire cutters, Wire strippers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Design, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, Physics, Education and Training, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Coordination, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Transportation Inspectors, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Solar Energy Systems Engineers, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 38.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 38.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
