"document"
"A Industrial Machinery Mechanics is someone who Repair, install, adjust, or maintain industrial production and processing machinery or refinery and pipeline distribution systems. May also install, dismantle, or move machinery and heavy equipment according to plans. . The Industrial Machinery Mechanics  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Installation, Maintenance, and Repair Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Repair or maintain the operating condition of industrial production or processing machinery or equipment., Repair or replace broken or malfunctioning components of machinery or equipment., Clean, lubricate, or adjust parts, equipment, or machinery., Disassemble machinery or equipment to remove parts and make repairs., Reassemble equipment after completion of inspections, testing, or repairs., Examine parts for defects, such as breakage or excessive wear., Record repairs and maintenance performed., Operate newly repaired machinery or equipment to verify the adequacy of repairs., Record parts or materials used and order or requisition new parts or materials, as necessary., Observe and test the operation of machinery or equipment to diagnose malfunctions, using voltmeters or other testing devices., Analyze test results, machine error messages, or information obtained from operators to diagnose equipment problems., Study blueprints or manufacturers' manuals to determine correct installation or operation of machinery., Cut and weld metal to repair broken metal parts, fabricate new parts, or assemble new equipment., Enter codes and instructions to program computer-controlled machinery., Demonstrate equipment functions and features to machine operators., Assign schedules to work crews..  They also know about using the following technology: Industrial control software, Computer aided design CAD software, Computer aided manufacturing CAM software, Inventory management software, Facilities management software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Internet browser software. Examples include BIT Corp ProMACS PLC, Computer aided design CAD software, Extranet Machine Tools Suite, Inventory tracking software, KEYENCE PLC Ladder Logic, Maintenance management software, Maintenance planning and control software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Programmable logic controller PLC software, SAP software, Supervisory control and data acquisition SCADA software, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Blow torch, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Air compressors, Cold chisels, Pneumatic drill, Pneumatic sanding machines, Magnifiers, Alignment jig, Hex keys, Ammeters, Feeler gauges, Metal cutters, Metal band sawing machine, Strain gauges, Induction heaters, Blocks or pulleys, Boring machines, Hammers, Welder torch, Metal broaching machines, Burnishing machine, Calipers, Hoists, Locking pliers, Combination wrenches, Cutting die, Cutting machines, Power grinders, Squares, Desktop computers, Drill press or radial drill, Wire brushes, Tungsten carbide abrasive wheels, Horizontal turning center, Dollies, Tube end finisher, Pipe or tube cutter, Flat hand file, Flowmeters, Forklifts, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Height gauges, Grease guns, Half round file, Hand pumps, Saws, Pullers, Hydraulic press brake, Pressure indicators, Impact wrenches, Micrometers, Jacks, Positioning jig, Ladders, Grinders, Laser measuring systems, Laser printers, Tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe, Levels, Magnetic tools, Taps, Metal inert gas welding machine, Milling machines, Multimeters, Needlenose pliers, Profile projectors, Oscilloscopes, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Pry bars, Threading die hand tool, Pipe wrenches, Plasma arc welding machine, Plumb bobs, Pneumatic hammer, Spot welding machine, Power drills, Power sanders, Power saws, Pressure or vacuum recorders, Microcontrollers, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Putty knives, Ratchets, Hand reamer, Catalytic combustion analyzers, Slings, Rivet tools, Welding robots, Rubber mallet, Rulers, Scissor lift or lift table, Scrapers, Pitch measuring instruments, Shaper cutter, Shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine, End cut pliers, Mill saw file, Sledge hammer, Socket sets, Soldering iron, Thickness measuring devices, Platform lift, Pressure or steam cleaners, Wedges, Straight edges, Tachometers, Anchor setting tools, Tape measures, Telescoping gauge, Threading machine, Level sensors or transmitters, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Utility knives, Vacuum gauges, Suction cups, Vibration testers, Bench vises, Voltage or current meters, Safety glasses, Welding masks, Welding tip dresser or accessories, Wire cutters, Workshop cranes. For example, Acetylene torches, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Air compressors, Airhammer chisels, Airpowered descaling drills, Airpowered descaling turbines, Alignment scopes, Alignment tools, Allen wrenches, Ammeters, Angled feeler gauges, Aviation snips, Bandsaws, Bearing bridge gauges, Bearing heating ovens, Block and tackle equipment, Boring tools, Brass hammers, Brazing equipment, Broaching machines, Burnishing wheels, Calipers, Chain falls, Chain hoists, Channel lock pliers, Combination wrenches, Cutting dies, Cutting machines, Cylindrical grinders, Cylindrical procedures squares, Desktop computers, Dial calipers, Drill presses, Electric rotary wire brushes, Emery wheels, Engine lathes, Equipment rollers, Facing machines, Feeler gauges, Flange facing machines, Flat files, Flow meters, Forklifts, Gas welding equipment, Gauges, Grease guns, Grinding wheels, Half-round files, Hammers, Hand pumps, Handsaws, Hex wrenches, Hoists, Hydraulic pullers, Hydraulic squeezers, Hydrostatic testers, Impact wrenches, Inside micrometers, Jacks, Jigs, Ladders, Lapping wheels, Laser measuring equipment, Laser printers, Lathes, Level gauges, Levels, Magnetic retrievers, Metal cutting taps, Metal inert gas MIG welders, Micrometers, Milling machines, Multimeters, Needlenose pliers, Optical measuring equipment, Oscilloscopes, Outside micrometers, Personal computers, Phillips head screwdrivers, Pinchbars, Pipe threaders, Pipe wrenches, Plasma cutters, Plumb bobs, Pneumatic hammers, Portable welding equipment, Power drills, Power grinders, Power sanders, Power saws, Power wrenches, Precision grinders, Precision levels, Precision squares, Pressure gauges, Programmable logic controllers PLC, Pry bars, Punch presses, Punches, Putty knives, Radial drills, Ratchet sets, Reamers, Reciprocating machinery combustion analyzers, Rigging equipment, Riveting tools, Robotic teach pendants, Rotating brushes, Rubber mallets, Rulers, Sandblasters, Scalers, Scissor lifts, Scrapers, Screw pitch gauges, Screwdrivers, Shaping machines, Shielded arc welding tools, Side cutting pliers, Single-cut mill saw files, Sledgehammers, Socket wrench sets, Soldering irons, Space gauges, Spot welders, Squares, Staging platforms, Steam cleaning equipment, Steel wedges, Straightedges, Strobe tachometers, Stud drivers, Tachometers, Tape measures, Telescoping gauges, Thickness gauges, Threading devices, Transit levels, Tungsten inert gas TIG welding equipment, Turning lathes, Utility knives, Vacuum gauges, Vacuum lifts, Vernier instruments, Vibration analyzers, Vises, Voltmeters, Welding lenses, Welding shields, Welding tip dressers, Wire cutters, Workshop cranes. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Design, Mechanical, Mathematics, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Coordination, Complex Problem Solving, Equipment Selection, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Industrial Machinery Mechanics occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Biological Technicians, Museum Technicians and Conservators. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 42.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 42.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
