"document"
"A Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters is someone who Fabricate, position, align, and fit parts of structural metal products. . The Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Verify conformance of workpieces to specifications, using squares, rulers, and measuring tapes., Align and fit parts according to specifications, using jacks, turnbuckles, wedges, drift pins, pry bars, and hammers., Move parts into position, manually or with hoists or cranes., Position, align, fit, and weld parts to form complete units or subunits, following blueprints and layout specifications, and using jigs, welding torches, and hand tools., Study engineering drawings and blueprints to determine materials requirements and task sequences., Set up and operate fabricating machines, such as brakes, rolls, shears, flame cutters, grinders, and drill presses, to bend, cut, form, punch, drill, or otherwise form and assemble metal components., Lay out and examine metal stock or workpieces to be processed to ensure that specifications are met., Tack-weld fitted parts together., Lift or move materials and finished products, using large cranes., Remove high spots and cut bevels, using hand files, portable grinders, and cutting torches., Mark reference points onto floors or face blocks and transpose them to workpieces, using measuring devices, squares, chalk, and soapstone., Set up face blocks, jigs, and fixtures., Position or tighten braces, jacks, clamps, ropes, or bolt straps, or bolt parts in position for welding or riveting., Locate and mark workpiece bending and cutting lines, allowing for stock thickness, machine and welding shrinkage, and other component specifications., Erect ladders and scaffolding to fit together large assemblies., Design and construct templates and fixtures, using hand tools., Hammer, chip, and grind workpieces to cut, bend, and straighten metal., Straighten warped or bent parts, using sledges, hand torches, straightening presses, or bulldozers., Smooth workpiece edges and fix taps, tubes, and valves., Preheat workpieces to make them malleable, using hand torches or furnaces., Heat-treat parts, using acetylene torches., Install boilers, containers, and other structures., Direct welders to build up low spots or short pieces with weld..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer aided design CAD software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software. Examples include Computer aided design and drafting CADD software, Dassault Systemes CATIA, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Spreadsheet software, Tekla software, Three-dimensional modeling software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Belt sander, Bench vises, Shears, Manual press brake, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Power chippers, Power saws, Claw hammer, Milling machines, Hydraulic press brake, Desktop computers, Dial indicator or dial gauge, Compasses, Drill press or radial drill, Power planes, Machine end mill, Plasma arc welding machine, Forklifts, Hand clamps, Welder torch, Blow torch, Induction heaters, Jacks, Ladders, Tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe, Squares, Locking pliers, Tape measures, Taps, Metal inert gas welding machine, Micrometers, Track cranes, Paint sprayers, Personal computers, Positioning jig, Power grinders, Hacksaw, Hoists, Precision file, Protractors, Pry bars, Hand reamer, Power riveter, Sheet metal forming machine, Scaffolding, Scribers, Sine bar, Sledge hammer, Rulers, Screwdrivers, Surface gauge, Spot welding machine, Track bulldozers, Level sensors or transmitters, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Turnbuckles, Height gauges, Wedges. For example, Adjustable wrenches, Belt sanders, Bench vises, Beverly shears, Brakes, Center punches, Chipping tools, Circular saws, Claw hammers, Computerized numerical control CNC metal-cutting machines, Computerized numerical control CNC press brakes, Cutoff saws, Desktop computers, Dial indicators, Dividers, Drift pins, Drill presses, Edge planers, End milling machines, Flame cutters, Forklifts, Hand clamps, Hand shears, Hand torch welders, Hand torches, Heating furnaces, Jacks, Ladders, Lathes, Layout squares, Locking pliers, Magnetic drill presses, Measuring tapes, Metal cutting taps, Metal inert gas MIG welders, Micrometers, Milling machines, Overhead cranes, Paint spray guns, Personal computers, Plasma cutters, Positioning jigs, Power chippers, Power grinders, Power hacksaws, Power hoists, Precision files, Protractors, Pry bars, Punches, Radial arm saws, Radial drills, Reamers, Rivet guns, Roll benders, Scaffolding, Scribers, Sine bars, Sledgehammers, Steel rules, Straight screwdrivers, Straightening presses, Surface gauges, Tack welding equipment, Tracked bulldozers, Transit levels, Tungsten inert gas TIG welding equipment, Turnbuckles, Unishears, Vernier height gauges, Wedges, Welding torches. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Static Strength, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Engineering and Technology, Design, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Transportation Inspectors, Museum Technicians and Conservators, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 50.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 50.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
