"document"
"A Bakers is someone who Mix and bake ingredients to produce breads, rolls, cookies, cakes, pies, pastries, or other baked goods. . The Bakers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Check products for quality, and identify damaged or expired goods., Set oven temperatures, and place items into hot ovens for baking., Combine measured ingredients in bowls of mixing, blending, or cooking machinery., Place dough in pans, molds, or on sheets, and bake in production ovens or on grills., Set time and speed controls for mixing machines, blending machines, or steam kettles so that ingredients will be mixed or cooked according to instructions., Measure or weigh flour or other ingredients to prepare batters, doughs, fillings, or icings, using scales or graduated containers., Observe color of products being baked, and adjust oven temperatures, humidity, or conveyor speeds accordingly., Check the quality of raw materials to ensure that standards and specifications are met., Check equipment to ensure that it meets health and safety regulations, and perform maintenance or cleaning, as necessary., Adapt the quantity of ingredients to match the amount of items to be baked., Apply glazes, icings, or other toppings to baked goods, using spatulas or brushes., Decorate baked goods, such as cakes or pastries., Roll, knead, cut, or shape dough to form sweet rolls, pie crusts, tarts, cookies, or other products., Direct or coordinate bakery deliveries., Order or receive supplies or equipment., Prepare or maintain inventory or production records., Operate slicing or wrapping machines., Develop new recipes for baked goods..  They also know about using the following technology: Time accounting software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Data base user interface and query software, Analytical or scientific software, Electronic mail software, Materials requirements planning logistics and supply chain software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Desktop publishing software, Inventory management software, Internet browser software. Examples include ADP Enterprise eTIME, Afcom Datasafe Computer Services FlexiBake, At Your Service Software CostGuard, Axxya Systems Nutritionist Pro, Barrington Software CookenPro, Culinary Software Services ChefTec, EGS CALCMENU, Email software, Enggist & Grandjean EGS F&B Control, iPro, LegacyUSA BakeSmart, Masters Software CakeBoss, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Sage 100 ERP, SoftCafe MenuPro, SweetWARE nutraCoster Professional, SweetWARE SmallPICS, SweetWARE stockCoster, TwinPeaks Software Visual Z-Bake, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Forming machine, Commercial use steamers, Commercial use bain maries, Commercial use molds, Cookie cutters, Domestic muffin pans, Domestic baking sheets, Commercial use scales, Bar code reader equipment, Cleaning brushes, Commercial use cutlery, Domestic biscuit cutters, Blast freezers, Domestic kitchen spatulas, Razor knives, Commercial use food grinders, Domestic baking pans, Commercial use food slicers, Air brushes, Cake decorating equipment or moulds, Commercial use icing sets or bags, Filling machinery, Domestic kitchen or food thermometers, Cappuccino or espresso machines, Commercial use strainers, Commercial use food warmers, Domestic strainers or colanders, Commercial use ladles, Commercial use cake or pie pans, Commercial use coffee grinders, Commercial use coffee or iced tea makers, Commercial use grills, Commercial use whisks, Commercial use convection ovens, Commercial use food processors, Commercial use microwave ovens, Laser printers, Double arm kneading mixers, Commercial use scoops, Commercial use ranges, Cooling machine, Domestic whipped cream maker, Commercial use ovens, Cooking machinery, Desktop computers, Domestic kitchen timers, Commercial use dishwashers, Domestic double boilers, Commercial use rolling pins, Commercial use dough machines, Domestic food scrapers, Hoists, Commercial use deep fryers, Preduster, Commercial use measuring cups, Ink cartridges, Commercial use toasters, Cash registers, Processing tanks, Fire blankets, Domestic cooling racks, Commercial use food choppers or cubers or dicers, Dehydrating machinery, Commercial use graters, Single screw mixers, Domestic apple corer, Slicing machinery, Hand trucks or accessories, Domestic knife sharpeners, Ice cream machines, Ice dispensers, Ice shaver machines or accessories, Coating machines, Walk in freezers, Belt conveyors, Commercial use broilers, Commercial use blenders, Commercial use smokers or smoke ovens, Commercial use griddles, Walk in refrigerators, Commercial use heat lamps, Domestic sifter, Commercial use juicers, Fire extinguishers, Domestic kitchen tongs, Notebook computers, Forklifts, Domestic mandolin, Domestic dough press, Rulers, Lifts, Domestic wooden oven paddle, Pallet trucks, Domestic pastry brush, Domestic kitchen funnels, Domestic bread slicing guide, Domestic pizza cutters, Air conveyors, Air compressors, Commercial use high pressure steamers, Commercial use pizza ovens, Remote reading thermometers, Commercial use peelers, Blow torch, Commercial use rice cookers, Helical blade mixer, Hand sprayers, Spice or salt or pepper shakers, Crushing machinery, Tablet computers, Domestic tortilla bakers, Domestic vegetable brush, Commercial use waffle irons, Domestic kitchen wire whips, Wrapping machinery. For example, Automatic dough presses, Bagel dividers, Bagel kettles, Baguette molders, Bain maries, Bakers' couches, Bakery cookie cutters, Bakery muffin pans, Baking frames, Baking sheets, Balance scales, Barcode scanners, Barquette molds, Bench brushes, Bench knives, Biscuit dough cutters, Blast chillers, Bowl knives, Bowl scrapers, Box cutters, Bread bannetons, Bread crumbers, Bread knives, Bread molders, Bread pans, Bread slicers, Bun machines, Cake decorating air brushes, Cake decorating combs, Cake decorating palette knives, Cake decorating stencils, Cake decorating tips, Cake decorating tubes, Cake decorating turntables, Cake depositors, Cake dividers, Cake levelers, Cake molds, Cake rings, Candy thermometers, Cannoli tubes, Cappuccino makers, Channel knives, Chefs' knives, China caps, Chinois, Chocolate molds, Chocolate shavers, Chocolate warmers, Colanders, Commercial baking ladles, Commercial cake pans, Commercial coffee grinders, Commercial coffeemakers, Commercial food grilling equipment, Commercial food whisks, Commercial kitchen convection ovens, Commercial kitchen food processors, Commercial kitchen microwave ovens, Commercial pie pans, Computer laser printers, Conical rounders, Continuous kneading machines, Cookie depositors, Cookie scoops, Cooking burners, Cooling tunnels, Cream whippers, Deck ovens, Decorating pens, Depanning machines, Desktop computers, Dessert molds, Digital food thermometers, Digital kitchen timers, Digital scales, Direct gas fired ovens, Direct recirculating ovens, Dishwashing machines, Double boilers, Dough chunkers, Dough dividers, Dough dockers, Dough extruders, Dough laminators, Dough proofers, Dough scrapers, Dough sheeters, Dough thermometers, Dough trough hoists, Doughnut cutters, Doughnut depositors, Doughnut fryers, Doughnut screens, Doughnut tumblers, Dry ingredient measuring cups, Edible-ink cartridges, Egg breaking machines, Ejector sets, Electric salamanders, Electronic cash registers, Espresso makers, Fermentation tanks, Filled stick extruders, Fire suppression blankets, Flour dusters, Flour scoops, Fondant crimpers, Fondant smoothers, Food cooling racks, Food dicers, Food drying equipment, Food graters, Food warmers, Fork mixers, French bread molders, Fruit corers, Fruit zesters, Guillotine cutters, Hand trucks, Hearth ovens, Honing steels, Horizontal dough mixers, Hot cases, Hot plates, Ice cream machines, Ice machines, Ice shaver, Icing machines, Icing smoothers, Icing spatulas, Icing spreaders, Industrial freezing equipment, Industrial kitchen belt conveyors, Industrial kitchen broilers, Industrial kitchen food blenders, Industrial kitchen food smokers, Industrial kitchen griddles, Industrial refrigeration equipment, Industrial toasters, Infrared food heating lamps, Ingredient sifters, Juice extractors, Kitchen fire extinguishers, Kitchen shears, Kitchen strainers, Kitchen tongs, Laptop computers, Lift trucks, Liquid ingredient measuring cups, Mandolines, Manual dough presses, Marzipan tools, Measuring spoons, Measuring sticks, Nut grinders, Offset spatulas, Open fat kettles, Oven loaders, Oven peels, Pallet jacks, Pan cooling towers, Pan greasers, Pan liners, Paring knives, Pastry bags, Pastry brushes, Pastry crimpers, Pastry filling funnels, Pastry filling machines, Pastry slicing jigs, Pastry wheels, Perforated grill spatulas, Pie presses, Pizza cutters, Planetary mixers, Pneumatic conveyors, Portable air compressors, Portion scales, Pressurized steam cookers, Pretzel dough extruding machines, Pretzel dough twisting machines, Pretzel ovens, Probe thermometers, Produce peelers, Propane torches, Pullman loaf pans, Ramekins, Reciprocating blade slicers, Refrigerator thermometers, Reversible sheeters, Revolving tray ovens, Rice cookers, Rolling pins, Rose nails, Rotary molders, Serrated knives, Sharpening stones, Skimmers, Spiral mixers, Spray bottles, Sprayers, Squeeze bottles, Steam injected ovens, Steam kettles, Straight spatulas, Sugar lamps, Sugar shakers, Sugar/spice pulverizers, Tablet computers, Tart rings, Tart tampers, Tartlet machines, Textured mats, Tilt mixers, Tortilla grills, Tunnel ovens, Vegetable cleaning brushes, Waffle irons, Weigh hoppers, Whipped cream machines, Wire whips, Wrapping machines. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Perceptual Speed, Selective Attention, Finger Dexterity, Near Vision, Visual Color Discrimination. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Food Production to do their job well. They employ the following skills Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Bakers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Cooks, Private Household, Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers, Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic, Machinists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Bakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
