"document"
"A Butchers and Meat Cutters is someone who Cut, trim, or prepare consumer-sized portions of meat for use or sale in retail establishments. . The Butchers and Meat Cutters  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Prepare and place meat cuts and products in display counter to appear attractive and catch the shopper's eye., Wrap, weigh, label, and price cuts of meat., Cut, trim, bone, tie, and grind meats, such as beef, pork, poultry, and fish, to prepare in cooking form., Prepare special cuts of meat ordered by customers., Receive, inspect, and store meat upon delivery to ensure meat quality., Estimate requirements and order or requisition meat supplies to maintain inventories., Shape, lace, and tie roasts, using boning knife, skewer, and twine., Total sales, and collect money from customers., Record quantity of meat received and issued to cooks or keep records of meat sales., Supervise other butchers or meat cutters., Cure, smoke, tenderize, and preserve meat., Negotiate with representatives from supply companies to determine order details..  They also know about using the following technology: Accounting software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Internet browser software. Examples include Financial accounting software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Air dryers, Blast freezers, Commercial use food grinders, Commercial use food slicers, Baling press, Shaft collar, Power saws, Commercial use cutlery, Chopping machinery, Cutting machinery, Dicing machinery, Commercial use dough machines, Metal detectors, Handheld thermometer, Forming machine, Commercial use blenders, Saws, Sharpening stones or tools or kits, Label making machines, Belt conveyors, Commercial use food choppers or cubers or dicers, Dehydrating machinery, Hoists, Commercial use scales, Meat tyer or bagger, Pallet trucks, Personal computers, Butcher scissors, Power staple guns, Acoustic ear muffs or defenders, Ear plugs, Commercial use rotisseries, Filling machinery, Smoking machinery, Fat extractors, Commercial use food warmers, Packaging vacuum, Wrapping machinery. For example, Air knives, Anti-griddles, Auto feed grinders, Bacon slicers, Balers, Beef shackles, Beef splitting saws, Bone dusters, Boning hooks, Boning knives, Bowl choppers, Breaking knives, Brisket cutters, Butcher knives, Butcher saws, Chefs' knives, Dicers, Dough mixers, Fish scalers, Fish skinners, Food metal detectors, Food thermometers, Frozen block grinders, Frozen food saws, Hamburger presses, Hand blenders, Handsaws, Hog shackles, Knife sharpeners, Label printers, Material conveyors, Meat cleavers, Meat cubers, Meat cutting band saws, Meat dehydrators, Meat hoists, Meat scales, Meat stringing machines, Meatball molders, Mincing machines, Net applicators, Pallet jacks, Paring knives, Personal computers, Poultry shears, Power staple guns, Protective ear muffs, Protective ear plugs, Rotisserie ovens, Sausage linkers, Smokehouses, Specific gravity fat analyzers, T-handle boning hooks, Thermal circulators, Trim knives, Vacuum package machines, Whizzard knives, Wrapping machines. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Near Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence. They also value Relationships, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Food Production to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Selling or Influencing Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Butchers and Meat Cutters occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists, Food Science Technicians, Machinists, Cooks, Private Household, Pharmacy Technicians. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 7.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 7.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Instructional Coordinators. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Hairdressers, Hairstylists, and Cosmetologists. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Molecular and Cellular Biologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Cooks, Private Household. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Allergists and Immunologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Clinical Research Coordinators. The journey culminates with Dermatologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Anesthesiologist Assistants. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Medical and Clinical Laboratory Technologists. The journey culminates with Anesthesiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Midwives. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Nursing Instructors and Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Registered Nurses. The journey culminates with Physician Assistants. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Butchers and Meat Cutters. Next, you move to Pharmacy Technicians. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. "
