"document"
"A Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders is someone who Operate or tend food or tobacco roasting, baking, or drying equipment, including hearth ovens, kiln driers, roasters, char kilns, and vacuum drying equipment. . The Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Wholesale Trade, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Observe, feel, taste, or otherwise examine products during and after processing to ensure conformance to standards., Set temperature and time controls, light ovens, burners, driers, or roasters, and start equipment, such as conveyors, cylinders, blowers, driers, or pumps., Observe temperature, humidity, pressure gauges, and product samples and adjust controls, such as thermostats and valves, to maintain prescribed operating conditions for specific stages., Observe flow of materials and listen for machine malfunctions, such as jamming or spillage, and notify supervisors if corrective actions fail., Record production data, such as weight and amount of product processed, type of product, and time and temperature of processing., Weigh or measure products, using scale hoppers or scale conveyors., Operate or tend equipment that roasts, bakes, dries, or cures food items such as cocoa and coffee beans, grains, nuts, and bakery products., Signal coworkers to synchronize flow of materials., Read work orders to determine quantities and types of products to be baked, dried, or roasted., Fill or remove product from trays, carts, hoppers, or equipment, using scoops, peels, or shovels, or by hand., Take product samples during or after processing for laboratory analyses., Test products for moisture content, using moisture meters., Clear or dislodge blockages in bins, screens, or other equipment, using poles, brushes, or mallets., Start conveyors to move roasted grain to cooling pans and agitate grain with rakes as blowers force air through perforated bottoms of pans., Open valves, gates, or chutes or use shovels to load or remove products from ovens or other equipment., Clean equipment with steam, hot water, and hoses., Smooth out products in bins, pans, trays, or conveyors, using rakes or shovels., Install equipment, such as spray units, cutting blades, or screens, using hand tools., Push racks or carts to transfer products to storage, cooling stations, or the next stage of processing., Dump sugar dust from collectors into melting tanks and add water to reclaim sugar lost during processing..  They also know about using the following technology: Electronic mail software, Spreadsheet software. Examples include Email software, Microsoft Excel. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Hopper scale, Cooking machinery, Food drying equipment, Roasting machinery, Belt conveyors, Turntables, Cooling machine, Dissolved oxygen meters, Hydraulic pumps, Pressure gauge, Temperature gauge, Commercial use scoops, Commercial use plastic shovels, Metallic bins, Furnaces, Portable data input terminals, Heat exchangers, Blowers, Humidifiers, Hygrometers, Thermostats, Carts, Moisture meters, Spectrometers, Loading equipment, Remote reading thermometers, Roller conveyors, Drying racks. For example, Automatic hopper scales, Baking equipment, Box barns, Centrifugal coffee roasters, Char kilns, Conveyor bakers, Conveyor dryers, Conveyor turntables, Cooling machine pans, Curing equipment, Dissolved oxygen sensors, Dough pumps, Equipment pressure gauges, Equipment temperature gauges, Flood handling scoops, Fluidized bed dryers, Food drying equipment, Food handling shovels, Food storage bins, Forced-air food dryers, Gas furnaces, Handheld dataloggers, Hearth ovens, Heat exchanger conversion kits, Heat exchanger systems, Hot air blowers, Humidification systems, Humidity sensors, Impingement ovens, Kiln driers, Machine temperature controls, Material moving carts, Melting tanks, Moisture meters, Oil furnaces, Perforated drum coffee roasters, Photospectrometers, Rack barns, Rack loaders, Remote thermometers, Roasting equipment, Scale conveyors, Solid drum coffee roasters, Tangential coffee roasters, Tobacco boxes, Tobacco hanging racks, Vacuum food drying equipment. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Perceptual Speed, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Near Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Working with Computers, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Machinists, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Industrial Machinery Mechanics, Food Science Technicians, Crane and Tower Operators. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Molecular and Cellular Biologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Food and Tobacco Roasting, Baking, and Drying Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
