"document"
"A Food Batchmakers is someone who Set up and operate equipment that mixes or blends ingredients used in the manufacturing of food products. Includes candy makers and cheese makers. . The Food Batchmakers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Accommodation and Food Services, Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Record production and test data for each food product batch, such as the ingredients used, temperature, test results, and time cycle., Clean and sterilize vats and factory processing areas., Set up, operate, and tend equipment that cooks, mixes, blends, or processes ingredients in the manufacturing of food products, according to formulas or recipes., Mix or blend ingredients, according to recipes, using a paddle or an agitator, or by controlling vats that heat and mix ingredients., Follow recipes to produce food products of specified flavor, texture, clarity, bouquet, or color., Give directions to other workers who are assisting in the batchmaking process., Select and measure or weigh ingredients, using English or metric measures and balance scales., Press switches and turn knobs to start, adjust, and regulate equipment, such as beaters, extruders, discharge pipes, and salt pumps., Determine mixing sequences, based on knowledge of temperature effects and of the solubility of specific ingredients., Observe and listen to equipment to detect possible malfunctions, such as leaks or plugging, and report malfunctions or undesirable tastes to supervisors., Observe gauges and thermometers to determine if the mixing chamber temperature is within specified limits, and turn valves to control the temperature., Turn valve controls to start equipment and to adjust operation to maintain product quality., Modify cooking and forming operations based on the results of sampling processes, adjusting time cycles and ingredients to achieve desired qualities, such as firmness or texture., Examine, feel, and taste product samples during production to evaluate quality, color, texture, flavor, and bouquet, and document the results., Test food product samples for moisture content, acidity level, specific gravity, or butter-fat content, and continue processing until desired levels are reached., Inspect vats after cleaning to ensure that fermentable residue has been removed., Fill processing or cooking containers, such as kettles, rotating cookers, pressure cookers, or vats, with ingredients, by opening valves, by starting pumps or injectors, or by hand., Manipulate products, by hand or using machines, to separate, spread, knead, spin, cast, cut, pull, or roll products., Cool food product batches on slabs or in water-cooled kettles., Place products on carts or conveyors to transfer them to the next stage of processing., Homogenize or pasteurize material to prevent separation or to obtain prescribed butterfat content, using a homogenizing device., Grade food products according to government regulations or according to type, color, bouquet, and moisture content., Operate refining machines to reduce the particle size of cooked batches., Formulate or modify recipes for specific kinds of food products., Inspect and pack the final product..  They also know about using the following technology: Inventory management software, Office suite software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software. Examples include Edible Software, Microsoft Office software, Plex Systems Plex Manufacturing Cloud. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Commercial use mixers, Commercial use scales, Milling machinery, Commercial use ranges, Cheese making machine, Cutting machinery, Cream separator, Homogenizers, Cooling machine, Commercial use deep fryers, Metering or injection or proportioning pumps, Domestic kitchen or food thermometers, Commercial use dough machines, Dehydrating machinery, Commercial use broilers, Commercial use food warmers, Food sterilizing machine, Ice cream machines, Pushcarts, Lifts, Commercial use rolling pins, Filling machinery, Slicing machinery, Manual meat tenderizer, Commercial use microwave ovens, Forming machine, Commercial use high pressure steamers, Commercial use jacketed tilting kettle, Torque wrenches, Packaging vacuum, Sorting machinery. For example, Agitators, Balance scales, Ball mills, Beaters, Candy cookers, Candy stoves, Centrifugal clarifiers, Cheese cutters, Cheese finishing tables, Cheese presses, Cheese vats, Chocolate melters, Commercial cream separators, Commercial induction cookers, Commercial use homogenizers, Cooker mixers, Cooling tables, Cream beaters, Deep-fry cookers, Depositing pumps, Digital kitchen thermometers, Dough processing machines, Evaporators, Extruders, Flour milling machines, Food broilers, Food heating cabinets, Food sterilizing machines, Heating tables, Ice cream machines, Injector pumps, Kettle dollies, Kettle lifters, Levelers, Liquid filling machines, Meat cutting machines, Meat tenderizing tools, Metered transfer pumps, Microwave drying machines, Revolving pan depositors, Roller cutters, Sausage machines, Sizers, Steam-cooking vats, Tilting commercial cooking kettles, Torque wrenches, Vacuum packagers, Vibrating tables, Water-cooled kettles. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Perceptual Speed, Selective Attention, Control Precision, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Administrative, Production and Processing, Food Production, Computers and Electronics, Mechanical, Mathematics, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Coordination, Operations Monitoring. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Food Batchmakers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Quality Control Analysts, Food Science Technicians, Machinists, Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic, Maintenance Workers, Machinery. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Quality Control Analysts. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Physicians, Pathologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Cytogenetic Technologists. The journey culminates with Pharmacists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Molecular and Cellular Biologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Chemists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Food Science Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Food Batchmakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. "
