"document"
"A Slaughterers and Meat Packers is someone who Perform nonroutine or precision functions involving the preparation of large portions of meat. Work may include specialized slaughtering tasks, cutting standard or premium cuts of meat for marketing, making sausage, or wrapping meats. Work typically occurs in slaughtering, meat packing, or wholesale establishments. . The Slaughterers and Meat Packers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Remove bones, and cut meat into standard cuts in preparation for marketing., Sever jugular veins to drain blood and facilitate slaughtering., Tend assembly lines, performing a few of the many cuts needed to process a carcass., Shackle hind legs of animals to raise them for slaughtering or skinning., Slit open, eviscerate, and trim carcasses of slaughtered animals., Stun animals prior to slaughtering., Skin sections of animals or whole animals., Cut, trim, skin, sort, and wash viscera of slaughtered animals to separate edible portions from offal., Shave or singe and defeather carcasses, and wash them in preparation for further processing or packaging., Saw, split, or scribe carcasses into smaller portions to facilitate handling., Trim head meat, and sever or remove parts of animals' heads or skulls., Grind meat into hamburger, and into trimmings used to prepare sausages, luncheon meats, and other meat products., Trim, clean, or cure animal hides., Wrap dressed carcasses or meat cuts., Slaughter animals in accordance with religious law, and determine that carcasses meet specified religious standards..  They also know about using the following technology: Accounting software, Inventory management software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Operating system software. Examples include AccountMate Software AccountMate, AgInfoLink Meat Inventory Tracking System MITS, Integrated Management Systems Food Connex Cloud, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Operating system software, RFID software, Second Foundation NaviMeat, Traceability software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Commercial use food slicers, Belt conveyors, Blast freezers, Commercial use cutlery, Engraving machines, Filling machinery, Cutting machinery, Dicing machinery, Animal shearing or clipping equipment, Stunner, Cooling machine, Commercial use scales, Hoists, Forklifts, Sharpening stones or tools or kits, Label making machines, Shaft collar, Knife blades, Packaging compactors, Electronic measuring probes, Commercial use food grinders, Form or fill or seal machinery, Power saws, Wrapping machinery, Personal computers, Radio frequency identification devices, Livestock identification equipment, Slicing machinery, Forming machine, Touch screen monitors. For example, Bacon slicers, Belt conveyor systems, Blast chillers, Butcher knives, Carcass branding machines, Casing stuffing machines, Chop cutting machines, Cubing machines, Dehairing machines, Electrical stunning equipment, Food cooling equipment, Food scales, Hoisting equipment, Industrial forklifts, Knife sharpeners, Label printers, Livestock shackles, Meat cleavers, Meat compactors, Meat grading probes, Meat grinders, Meat package filling and sealing machines, Meat-cutting bandsaws, Motorized saws, Package wrapping machines, Personal computers, Radio frequency identification RFID devices, Sharpening steels, Shoulder tattooers, Shrink wrap meat packing machines, Skinning knives, Slicing machines, Steak patty machines, Touch screen computers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Food Production to do their job well.  Their average day consists of the following activities Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Slaughterers and Meat Packers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners, Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic, Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers, Barbers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 7.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 7.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Slaughterers and Meat Packers. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. "
