"document"
"A Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders is someone who Set up, operate, or tend welding, soldering, or brazing machines or robots that weld, braze, solder, or heat treat metal products, components, or assemblies. Includes workers who operate laser cutters or laser-beam machines. . The Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Manufacturing, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Inspect, measure, or test completed metal workpieces to ensure conformance to specifications, using measuring and testing devices., Read blueprints, work orders, or production schedules to determine product or job instructions or specifications., Assemble, align, and clamp workpieces into holding fixtures to bond, heat-treat, or solder fabricated metal components., Set up, operate, or tend welding machines that join or bond components to fabricate metal products or assemblies., Lay out, fit, or connect parts to be bonded, calculating production measurements, as necessary., Correct problems by adjusting controls or by stopping machines and opening holding devices., Give directions to other workers regarding machine set-up and use., Select, position, align, and bolt jigs, holding fixtures, guides, or stops onto machines, using measuring instruments and hand tools., Mark weld points and positions of components on workpieces, using rules, squares, templates, or scribes., Transfer components, metal products, or assemblies, using moving equipment., Clean, lubricate, maintain, and adjust equipment to maintain efficient operation, using air hoses, cleaning fluids, and hand tools., Prepare metal surfaces or workpieces, using hand-operated equipment, such as grinders, cutters, or drills., Conduct trial runs before welding, soldering, or brazing, and make necessary adjustments to equipment., Remove completed workpieces or parts from machinery, using hand tools., Tend auxiliary equipment used in welding processes., Load or feed workpieces into welding machines to join or bond components., Observe meters, gauges, or machine operations to ensure that soldering or brazing processes meet specifications., Turn and press knobs and buttons or enter operating instructions into computers to adjust and start welding machines., Compute and record settings for new work, applying knowledge of metal properties, principles of welding, and shop mathematics., Set dials and timing controls to regulate electrical current, gas flow pressure, heating or cooling cycles, or shut-off., Record operational information on specified production reports., Select torch tips, alloys, flux, coil, tubing, or wire, according to metal types or thicknesses, data charts, or records., Fill hoppers and position spouts to direct flow of flux or manually brush flux onto seams of workpieces., Start, monitor, and adjust robotic welding production lines., Devise or build fixtures or jigs used to hold parts in place during welding, brazing, or soldering., Add chemicals or materials to workpieces or machines to facilitate bonding or to cool workpieces., Immerse completed workpieces into water or acid baths to cool and clean components., Dress electrodes, using tip dressers, files, emery cloths, or dressing wheels., Anneal finished workpieces to relieve internal stress..  They also know about using the following technology: Electronic mail software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Operating system software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Industrial control software. Examples include Email software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Linux, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft operating system, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, SAP software, Spreadsheet software, Tool center point TCP setting software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable widemouth pliers, Shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine, Ball peen hammer, Bench vises, Braze welding machine, Welding robots, C clamps, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Demolition hammers, Claw hammer, Cold pressure or contact welding machine, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Desktop computers, Calipers, Electron beam welding EBW machine, Facial shields, Thickness measuring devices, Blow torch, Hand clamps, Cleaning scrapers, Induction heaters, Hydraulic truck cranes, Winches, Laser cutting machine, Laser welding machine, Squares, Magnifiers, Tape measures, Micrometers, Spot welding machine, Power grinders, Hoists, Loading equipment, Rulers, Protective gloves, Goggles, End cut pliers, Mill saw file, Slip or groove joint pliers, Automatic soldering machine, Tongs, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Locking pliers, Lifts, Welding electrode, Welding masks, Welding or brazing tip cleaner file, Welding tip dresser or accessories, Welding or cutting tip, Wire brushes, Positioning jig. For example, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Arc welding equipment, Ball peen hammers, Bench vises, Brazing machines, Brazing robots, C clamps, Center punches, Chipping hammers, Claw hammers, Cold-welding machines, Computerized numerical control CNC oxy-fuel systems, Desktop computers, Dial calipers, Diffusion-welding machines, Face masks, Fillet weld gauges, Gas welding torches, Hand clamps, Hand scrapers, Heating furnaces, Hydraulic booms, Hydraulic winches, Laser cutters, Laser-beam machines, Layout squares, Magnifiers, Measuring tapes, Micrometers, Outside micrometer calipers, Portable welding machines, Power grinders, Power hoists, Product loading equipment, Resistance welding guns, Resistance welding machines, Rulers, Safety gloves, Safety goggles, Side cutting pliers, Single-cut mill saw files, Slip joint pliers, Soldering machines, Soldering robots, Spot welding guns, Tongs, Tungsten inert gas TIG welding equipment, Undercut gauges, Vernier micrometers, Vise grip pliers, Walk-behind lift trucks, Welding electrodes, Welding helmets, Welding robots, Welding tip cleaning files, Welding tip dressers, Welding torch tips, Wire brushes, Workpiece positioning jigs. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Machinists, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic, Tool and Die Makers, Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 9.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 9.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Welding, Soldering, and Brazing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
