"document"
"A Foundry Mold and Coremakers is someone who Make or form wax or sand cores or molds used in the production of metal castings in foundries. . The Foundry Mold and Coremakers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Manufacturing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Clean and smooth molds, cores, and core boxes, and repair surface imperfections., Sift and pack sand into mold sections, core boxes, and pattern contours, using hand or pneumatic ramming tools., Position patterns inside mold sections, and clamp sections together., Position cores into lower sections of molds, and reassemble molds for pouring., Sprinkle or spray parting agents onto patterns and mold sections to facilitate removal of patterns from molds., Form and assemble slab cores around patterns, and position wire in mold sections to reinforce molds, using hand tools and glue., Move and position workpieces, such as mold sections, patterns, and bottom boards, using cranes, or signal others to move workpieces., Lift upper mold sections from lower sections, and remove molded patterns., Cut spouts, runner holes, and sprue holes into molds., Tend machines that bond cope and drag together to form completed shell molds., Rotate sweep boards around spindles to make symmetrical molds for convex impressions., Pour molten metal into molds, manually or with crane ladles., Operate ovens or furnaces to bake cores or to melt, skim, and flux metal..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer aided design CAD software, Computer aided manufacturing CAM software, Inventory management software, Industrial control software. Examples include Autodesk AutoCAD, CNC Software Mastercam, Computer aided manufacturing CAM software, Dassault Systemes SolidWorks, Inventory tracking software, Machine control software, PTC Creo Parametric. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Abrasive stones, Allen wrench, Adjustable angle plate, Bench vises, Buffing machine, Casting machines, Hoists, Foundry blowers, Foundry ladles, Foundry crucibles, Furnaces, Desktop computers, Calipers, Dial indicator or dial gauge, Micrometers, Pyrometers, Electric furnace, Overhead crane, Abrasive cloth, Flat hand file, Foundry testing apparatus, Gas generators, Induction heating machine, Height gauges, Universal milling machine, Crucible furnaces, Cylindrical grinding machine, Laser welding machine, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Power clamp, Hammers, Screwdrivers, Power grinders, Process air heaters, Sand blasting machine, Metal shearing machine, Socket sets, Surface grinding machine, Precision surface plate, Turret lathe, Vee block, Drill press or radial drill, Air scrubbers, Vertical machining center, Wire cathode electrode discharge machine. For example, Abrasive stones, Allen wrench sets, Angle plates, Bench vises, Buffing machines, Centrifugal casting machines, Chain hoists, Core blowers, Core machines, Coremaking machines, Crane ladles, Crucible furnaces, Cupola furnaces, Desktop computers, Dial calipers, Dial indicators, Die casting machines, Digital micrometers, Digital pyrometers, Electric arc furnaces, Electric overhead traveling EOT cranes, Emery cloths, Flat files, Foundry ovens, Foundry sand testing equipment, Gas-powered generators, Heat treating furnaces, Height gauges, Horizontal milling machines, Induction furnaces, Inside diameter outside diameter ID-OD grinders, Laser welding equipment, Micro welding equipment, Mold clamps, Multipurpose hammers, Multipurpose screwdrivers, Power grinders, Process air heaters, Sand blasting machines, Shearing machines, Socket wrench sets, Surface grinding machines, Surface plates, Turret lathes, V-blocks, Vacuum casting machines, Variable speed drill presses, Vent gas scrubbers, Vertical machining centers, Wire electrical discharge machine WEDM. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Visualization, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Production and Processing, Engineering and Technology, Design, Mechanical, Physics, Chemistry, Education and Training, English Language to do their job well.  Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Foundry Mold and Coremakers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Crane and Tower Operators, Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic, Patternmakers, Wood. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Foundry Mold and Coremakers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
