"document"
"A Tool and Die Makers is someone who Analyze specifications, lay out metal stock, set up and operate machine tools, and fit and assemble parts to make and repair dies, cutting tools, jigs, fixtures, gauges, and machinists' hand tools. . The Tool and Die Makers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Verify dimensions, alignments, and clearances of finished parts for conformance to specifications, using measuring instruments such as calipers, gauge blocks, micrometers, or dial indicators., Set up and operate conventional or computer numerically controlled machine tools such as lathes, milling machines, or grinders to cut, bore, grind, or otherwise shape parts to prescribed dimensions and finishes., Visualize and compute dimensions, sizes, shapes, and tolerances of assemblies, based on specifications., Study blueprints, sketches, models, or specifications to plan sequences of operations for fabricating tools, dies, or assemblies., Fit and assemble parts to make, repair, or modify dies, jigs, gauges, and tools, using machine tools, hand tools, or welders., Inspect finished dies for smoothness, contour conformity, and defects., Select metals to be used from a range of metals and alloys, based on properties such as hardness or heat tolerance., Lift, position, and secure machined parts on surface plates or worktables, using hoists, vises, v-blocks, or angle plates., File, grind, shim, and adjust different parts to properly fit them together., Smooth and polish flat and contoured surfaces of parts or tools, using scrapers, abrasive stones, files, emery cloths, or power grinders., Measure, mark, and scribe metal or plastic stock to lay out machining, using instruments such as protractors, micrometers, scribes, or rulers., Conduct test runs with completed tools or dies to ensure that parts meet specifications, making adjustments as necessary., Design jigs, fixtures, and templates for use as work aids in the fabrication of parts or products., Cut, shape, and trim blanks or blocks to specified lengths or shapes, using power saws, power shears, rules, and hand tools., Set up and operate drill presses to drill and tap holes in parts for assembly., Develop and design new tools and dies, using computer-aided design software., Set pyrometer controls of heat-treating furnaces and feed or place parts, tools, or assemblies into furnaces to harden..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer aided manufacturing CAM software, Computer aided design CAD software, Materials requirements planning logistics and supply chain software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Project management software, Word processing software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Inventory management software. Examples include 1CadCam Unigraphics, Autodesk AutoCAD, Autodesk Inventor, Bentley MicroStation, Cimatron CimatronE Master, CNC Mastercam, Dassault Systemes CATIA, Dassault Systemes SolidWorks, data M Software COPRA MetalBender, DP Technology ESPRIT, JobPack MES Scheduler, Kubotek USA KeyCreator, Logopress, MAKER CAD/CAM Services DIEMAKER, Mastercam computer-aided design and manufacturing software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Word, NC verification software, OPEN MIND Technologies hyperMILL, PTC Creo Parametric, SAP software, Seco Tools Seco Point, Striker Systems SS-Die Design, Striker Systems SS-Draw Form, Striker Systems SS-Strip Design, Vero International VISI-Mould, Virtual Gibbs CADD/CAM, VX Corporation VX Mold & Die. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Gage block set, Power saws, Blow torch, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Air compressors, Pneumatic grinders, Pneumatic sanding machines, Hex keys, Adjustable angle plate, Manual press brake, Metal band sawing machine, Pullers, Power grinders, Hole gauge, Boring machines, Welder torch, Bridge cranes, Metal broaching machines, Chucks, Claw hammer, Cold chisels, Universal milling machine, Squares, Sine bar, Turning machines, Coordinate measuring machines CMM, Countersink tool or counterbore tool, Countersinks, Deburring tool, Depth gauges, Desktop computers, Calipers, Dial indicator or dial gauge, Grinding wheel dressers, Open die forging press, Micrometers, Plotter printers, Compasses, Drill gauge, Drill press or radial drill, Dust collectors, Masks or accessories, Ear plugs, Wire cathode electrode discharge machine, Engraving machines, Feeler gauges, Screwdrivers, Forklifts, Foundry ladles, Tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe, Grease guns, Grit blast machines, Hacksaw, Hand clamps, Jacks, Hand reamer, Handheld refractometers or polarimeters, Hardness testers, Induction heaters, Hoists, Honing machine, Sharpening stones or tools or kits, Hydraulic press frames, Column and knee milling machine, Knurling tool, Notebook computers, Laser cutting machine, Laser measuring systems, Loupes, Magnifiers, Mallets, Tape measures, Metal inert gas welding machine, Metal stamps, Scribers, Oil can, Comparators, Optical flats, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Plasma arc welding machine, Go or no go gauge, Power drills, Direct current DC arc welder, Hydraulic press brake, Shears, Precision file, Levels, Rulers, Taper pin reamer, Grinding machines, Facial shields, Protractors, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Radius gauge, Rasps, Rivet tools, Safety glasses, Goggles, Shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine, Stamping dies or punches, Surface gauge, Surface grinding machine, T handle tap wrenches, Tap extractors, Threading taps, Telescoping gauge, Tension testers, Thread counters or gauges, Thread pitch gauge, Tinners snips, Tongs, Monocular microscopes, Tube bending machine, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Tensioners, Turret lathe, Ultrasonic examination equipment, Height gauges, Bandsaw wheel, Power sanders, Vertical machining center, Vibratory or barrel finishing machine, Spot welding machine, Wire brushes, Bench vises, Workshop cranes. For example, 1-2-3 blocks, Abrasive cutoff saws, Acetylene torches, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Air compressors, Air grinders, Air-powered sandblasters, Allen wrenches, Angle gauge blocks, Angle plates, Arbor presses, Band saws, Bearing pullers, Bench grinders, Bore gauges, Boring bars, Brazing equipment, Bridge cranes, Broachers, Chuck keys, Claw hammers, Cold chisels, Combination milling machines, Combination squares, Compound sine bars, Computerized numerical control CNC turning centers, Coordinate measuring machines CMM, Counterbores, Countersinks, Cutoff saws, Deburring machines, Deburring tools, Depth gauges, Desktop computers, Dial calipers, Dial indicators, Diamond dressers, Die grinders, Die maker's squares, Die spotting presses, Digital micrometers, Digital plotters, Disc grinders, Dividers, Drill point gauges, Drill presses, Dust collectors, Dust masks, Ear plugs, Electrical Discharge Machining EDM machines, Engraving machines, Feeler gauges, Flat blade screwdrivers, Forklifts, Furnace ladles, Gap lathes, Gauge blocks, Gear lathes, Grease guns, Grinding wheel dressing sticks, Grinding wheels, Grit blasting cabinets, Hacksaws, Hand clamps, Hand jacks, Hand reamers, Handheld refractometers, Hardness testing devices, Heat treatment furnaces, Height micrometers, Hermaphrodite calipers, Hoisting equipment, Honing machines, Honing stones, Horizontal boring mills, Hydraulic pressing equipment, Jig bores, Knee mills, Knurling tools, Laptop computers, Laser cutters, Laser scanner coordinate capturing equipment, Layout squares, Loupes, Magnetic drill presses, Magnifying glasses, Mallets, Measuring tapes, Metal inert gas MIG welders, Metal markers, Metal scribers, Oil dispensing cans, Optical comparators, Optical flats, Oxyacetylene welding equipment, Phillips head screwdrivers, Plasma arc welding equipment, Plug gauges, Portable drills, Portable welders, Power drills, Power grinders, Power press brakes, Power shears, Precision files, Precision levels, Precision rulers, Precision tapered reamers, Profile grinders, Protective face shields, Protractors, Punch sets, Radial drill presses, Radius gauges, Rasps, Riveting tools, Rotary surface grinders, Safety glasses, Safety goggles, Shielded arc welding tools, Stamping presses, Steel rules, Stick welders, Surface finish comparators, Surface gauges, Surface grinding machines, T-style tap wrenches, Tap extractors, Tap sets, Telescoping gauges, Telescoping measuring rods, Tensile testers, Thread gauges, Thread ring gauges, Tin snips, Tongs, Toolmaker's microscopes, Tube benders, Tungsten inert gas TIG welding equipment, Turning tools, Turret lathes, Turret punch presses, Ultrasonic testing equipment, V blocks, Vernier calipers, Vernier height gauges, Vernier protractors, Vertical bandsaws, Vertical belt sanders, Vertical milling machines, Vibratory tumblers, Welders, Wire brushes, Wire electrical discharge machines, Workshop bench vises, Workshop cranes. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Engineering and Technology, Design, Mechanical, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Analysis, Equipment Selection, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Working with Computers, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Tool and Die Makers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Biological Technicians, Museum Technicians and Conservators. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 29.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 29.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. According to ONET survey research, 41% feel this occupation requires a Post-Secondary Certificate - awarded for training completed after high school (for example, in agriculture or natural resources, computer services, personal or culinary services, engineering technologies, healthcare, construction trades, mechanic and repair technologies, or precision production) Educational programs associated with this occupation tend to graduate people with the following degrees: Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs), Associate's degree, Bachelor's degree, Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs). Among black students completing instructional programs related to this occupation, 6% received a Associate's degree, 0% received a Bachelor's degree, 1% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs), 8% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), 4% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs). The following schools granted the most credentials aligned with the educational requirements related to this occupation: Gadsden State Community College, George C Wallace Community College-Dothan, George C Wallace State Community College-Hanceville, J. F. Drake State Community and Technical College, John C Calhoun State Community College, Lawson State Community College, Northeast Alabama Community College, Bishop State Community College, Shelton State Community College, H Councill Trenholm State Community College, Bevill State Community College, Mesa Community College, Pima Community College, University of Arkansas Community College Rich Mountain, Georgia Northwestern Technical College, North Georgia Technical College, Elgin Community College, John A Logan College, Kishwaukee College, College of Lake County, Oakton Community College, Prairie State College, Rock Valley College, Ivy Tech Community College, Des Moines Area Community College, Marshalltown Community College, North Iowa Area Community College, Western Iowa Tech Community College, Alpena Community College, Delta College, Henry Ford College, Lansing Community College, Macomb Community College, Oakland Community College, Southwestern Michigan College, Anoka Technical College, Central Lakes College-Brainerd, Hennepin Technical College, Ridgewater College, Minnesota State College Southeast, Itawamba Community College, Northwest Mississippi Community College, Erie Community College, Monroe Community College, Guilford Technical Community College, Randolph Community College, Rockingham Community College, Surry Community College, Alamance Community College, Lakeland Community College, Zane State College, North Central State College, Northwest State Community College, Owens Community College, Sinclair Community College, Terra State Community College, Lehigh Carbon Community College, Northeastern Technical College, Central Carolina Technical College, Tennessee College of Applied Technology-McMinnville, Tennessee College of Applied Technology-Jackson, Edmonds College, Renton Technical College, Fox Valley Technical College, Gateway Technical College, Lakeshore Technical College, Milwaukee Area Technical College, Moraine Park Technical College, Northcentral Technical College, Chippewa Valley Technical College, Waukesha County Technical College, Western Technical College, South Texas College, Mech-Tech College, Escuela De Troqueleria Y Herramentaje, Texas State Technical College"
