"document"
"A Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic is someone who Lay out, machine, fit, and assemble castings and parts to metal or plastic foundry patterns, core boxes, or match plates. . The Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Manufacturing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Verify conformance of patterns or template dimensions to specifications, using measuring instruments such as calipers, scales, and micrometers., Set up and operate machine tools, such as milling machines, lathes, drill presses, and grinders, to machine castings or patterns., Repair and rework templates and patterns., Assemble pattern sections, using hand tools, bolts, screws, rivets, glue, or welding equipment., Read and interpret blueprints or drawings of parts to be cast or patterns to be made, compute dimensions, and plan operational sequences., Construct platforms, fixtures, and jigs for holding and placing patterns., Clean and finish patterns or templates, using emery cloths, files, scrapers, and power grinders., Mark identification numbers or symbols onto patterns or templates., Program computerized numerical control machine tools., Create computer models of patterns or parts, using modeling software., Design and create templates, patterns, or coreboxes according to work orders, sample parts, or mockups., Lay out and draw or scribe patterns onto material, using compasses, protractors, rulers, scribes, or other instruments., Paint or lacquer patterns., Select pattern materials such as wood, resin, and fiberglass., Apply plastic-impregnated fabrics or coats of sealing wax or lacquer to patterns used to produce plastic..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer aided design CAD software, Computer aided manufacturing CAM software, Spreadsheet software, Electronic mail software. Examples include 3D Systems Geomagic Design X, Autodesk AutoCAD, Delcam PowerMILL, Mastercam computer-aided design and manufacturing software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Traveling column milling machine, Metal band sawing machine, Drill press or radial drill, Turret lathe, Foundry crucibles, Bench scales, Calipers, Micrometers, Disc sander, Compasses, Utility knives, Core drying ovens, Hoists, Cold chisels, Foundry ladles, Foundry flasks, Casting machines, Horizontal turning center, Boring machines, Laser measuring systems, Squares, Manual press brake, Tape measures, Scribers, Personal computers, Planing machines, Power grinders, Power routers, Positioning jig, Rulers, Protractors, Power saws, Shaper cutter, Milling machines, Hand trucks or accessories, Wire cathode electrode discharge machine. For example, 2/3 axis computer numerically controlled CNC milling machines, Bandsaws, Benchtop drill presses, Computer numerical control CNC turning centers, Crucible furnaces, Digital bench scales, Digital calipers, Digital micrometers, Disc sanders, Dividers, Draw knives, Drying chambers, Electric hoists, Flat cold chisels, Foundry casting ladles, Foundry flasks, Gating systems, Horizontal turning centers, Jig borers, Laser scanner coordinate capturing equipment, Layout compasses, Layout squares, Manual brake presses, Measuring tapes, Metalworking scribers, Personal computers, Planers, Power grinders, Power routers, Precision positioning jigs, Precision rulers, Protractors, Radial arm saws, Shaping cutters, Shrinkage rulers, Table saws, Three-dimensional routers, Warehouse hand trucks, Wire electrical discharge machining EDM equipment. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Near Vision, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Realistic, Artistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Engineering and Technology, Design, Mechanical, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Working with Computers, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Biological Technicians, Museum Technicians and Conservators. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 66.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 66.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
