"document"
"A Model Makers, Metal and Plastic is someone who Set up and operate machines, such as lathes, milling and engraving machines, and jig borers to make working models of metal or plastic objects. Includes template makers. . The Model Makers, Metal and Plastic  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Manufacturing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Study blueprints, drawings, and sketches to determine material dimensions, required equipment, and operations sequences., Inspect and test products to verify conformance to specifications, using precision measuring instruments or circuit testers., Drill, countersink, and ream holes in parts and assemblies for bolts, screws, and other fasteners, using power tools., Cut, shape, and form metal parts, using lathes, power saws, snips, power brakes and shears, files, and mallets., Set up and operate machines, such as lathes, drill presses, punch presses, or bandsaws, to fabricate prototypes or models., Devise and construct tools, dies, molds, jigs, and fixtures, or modify existing tools and equipment., Rework or alter component model or parts as required to ensure that products meet standards., Grind, file, and sand parts to finished dimensions., Program computer numerical control (CNC) machines to fabricate model parts., Lay out and mark reference points and dimensions on materials, using measuring instruments and drawing or scribing tools., Align, fit, and join parts, using bolts and screws or by welding or gluing., Use computer-aided design (CAD) and computer-aided manufacturing (CAM) software or hardware to fabricate model parts., Assemble mechanical, electrical, and electronic components into models or prototypes, using hand tools, power tools, and fabricating machines., Consult and confer with engineering personnel to discuss developmental problems and to recommend product modifications., Record specifications, production operations, and final dimensions of models for use in establishing operating standards and procedures., Wire and solder electrical and electronic connections and components..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer aided manufacturing CAM software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software, Computer aided design CAD software. Examples include CNC Software Mastercam, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Word, PTC Creo Parametric. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Simple harmonic oscillator, Metal band sawing machine, Drill press or radial drill, Capacitance meters, Hoists, Power routers, Vertical machining center, Calipers, Electrical frequency meters, Hardness testers, Integrated circuit testers, Oscilloscopes, Wire cathode electrode discharge machine, Micrometers, Engraving machines, Smooth cut file, Three dimensional printing machine, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Grease guns, Tinners snips, Tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe, Boring machines, Mallets, Milling machines, Soldering iron, Workshop cranes, Hydraulic press brake, Grinding machines, Power saws, Scribers, Comparators, Signal generators, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Autocollimator, Ohmmeters, Calibrated resistance measuring equipment. For example, Audio-oscillators, Bandsaws, Benchtop drill presses, Capacitance checkers, Chain hoists, Computer numerical control CNC routers, Computer numerical control CNC vertical machine centers, Digital calipers, Digital electrical frequency meters, Digital hardness testers, Digital integrated circuit testers, Digital oscilloscopes, Electrical discharge machines EDM, Electronic micrometers, Engraving machines, Flat smooth cut files, Fused deposition modeling FDM printers, Gas powered brazing equipment, Grease dispensing guns, Hand snips, Hydraulic punch presses, Jewelers lathes, Jig bores, Mallets, Manual lathes, Manual mills, Metal shears, Microsoldering equipment, Portable workshop cranes, Power brakes, Power grinding machines, Power saws, Scribing tools, Selective layered sintering SLS printers, Shadowgraph optical comparators, Signal generators, Soldering irons, Stereolithography SLA printers, Three-dimensional prototyping printers, Tungsten inert gas TIG welding equipment, Visual autocollimators, Volt-ohm meters VOM, Wheatstone bridges. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Flexibility of Closure, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Far Vision, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Engineering and Technology, Design, Mechanical, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Troubleshooting, Quality Control Analysis, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Working with Computers, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Model Makers, Metal and Plastic occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Biological Technicians, Museum Technicians and Conservators. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 35.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 35.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
