"document"
"A Machinists is someone who Set up and operate a variety of machine tools to produce precision parts and instruments out of metal. Includes precision instrument makers who fabricate, modify, or repair mechanical instruments. May also fabricate and modify parts to make or repair machine tools or maintain industrial machines, applying knowledge of mechanics, mathematics, metal properties, layout, and machining procedures. . The Machinists  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Calculate dimensions or tolerances, using instruments, such as micrometers or vernier calipers., Machine parts to specifications, using machine tools, such as lathes, milling machines, shapers, or grinders., Measure, examine, or test completed units to check for defects and ensure conformance to specifications, using precision instruments, such as micrometers., Set up, adjust, or operate basic or specialized machine tools used to perform precision machining operations., Program computers or electronic instruments, such as numerically controlled machine tools., Study sample parts, blueprints, drawings, or engineering information to determine methods or sequences of operations needed to fabricate products., Monitor the feed and speed of machines during the machining process., Maintain machine tools in proper operational condition., Fit and assemble parts to make or repair machine tools., Align and secure holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, or materials onto machines., Confer with numerical control programmers to check and ensure that new programs or machinery will function properly and that output will meet specifications., Operate equipment to verify operational efficiency., Evaluate machining procedures and recommend changes or modifications for improved efficiency or adaptability., Diagnose machine tool malfunctions to determine need for adjustments or repairs., Design fixtures, tooling, or experimental parts to meet special engineering needs., Dispose of scrap or waste material in accordance with company policies and environmental regulations., Confer with engineering, supervisory, or manufacturing personnel to exchange technical information., Lay out, measure, and mark metal stock to display placement of cuts., Separate scrap waste and related materials for reuse, recycling, or disposal., Check work pieces to ensure that they are properly lubricated or cooled., Support metalworking projects from planning and fabrication through assembly, inspection, and testing, using knowledge of machine functions, metal properties, and mathematics., Install repaired parts into equipment or install new equipment., Dismantle machines or equipment, using hand tools or power tools to examine parts for defects and replace defective parts where needed., Test experimental models under simulated operating conditions, for purposes such as development, standardization, or feasibility of design., Set up or operate metalworking, brazing, heat-treating, welding, or cutting equipment., Prepare working sketches for the illustration of product appearance., Establish work procedures for fabricating new structural products, using a variety of metalworking machines., Install experimental parts or assemblies, such as hydraulic systems, electrical wiring, lubricants, or batteries into machines or mechanisms., Advise clients about the materials being used for finished products..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer aided design CAD software, Analytical or scientific software, Computer aided manufacturing CAM software, Industrial control software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Object or component oriented development software, Procedure management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software. Examples include 3D Printing software, Armchair Machinist software, Autodesk AutoCAD, Autodesk Fusion 360, Autodesk HSMWorks, CNC Consulting Machinists' Calculator, CNC Mastercam, Computer aided design CAD software, Computer aided manufacturing CAM software, Dassault Systemes CATIA, Dassault Systemes SolidWorks, EditCNC, ERP software, G-code, GRZ Software MeshCAM, Hexagon Metrology PC-DMIS, IMSI TurboCAD, JETCAM, JobBOSS, Kentech Kipware Studio, Kentech Kipware Trig Kalculator, Mastercam computer-aided design and manufacturing software, Mazak Mazatrol SMART CNC, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, OneCNC CAD/CAM, OnShape, PTC Creo Parametric, SAP software, Siemens NX, SolidCAM CAM software, Vero Software SURFCAM. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Traveling column milling machine, Adjustable wrenches, Adjustable angle plate, Feeler gauges, Anvils, Manual press brake, Metal cutters, Ball peen hammer, Metal band sawing machine, Shears, Binocular light compound microscopes, Boring machines, Hammers, Welder torch, Tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe, Metal broaching machines, Power buffers, Calipers, Drilling machines, Casting machines, Chamfering machine, Locking pliers, Power chippers, Chucks, Cold chisels, Power saws, Power drills, Combination pliers, Combination wrenches, Milling machines, Horizontal turning center, Coordinate measuring machines CMM, Grinding machines, Sharpening stones or tools or kits, Power grinders, Deburring tool, Desktop computers, Dial indicator or dial gauge, Center gauge, Flat hand file, Forklifts, Facial shields, Height gauges, Grinders, Bench dog, Arbors, Hacksaw, Half round file, Hand clamps, Saws, Spot welding machine, Induction heating machine, Hex keys, Horizontal machining center, Hydraulic press frames, Micrometers, Power planes, Column and knee milling machine, Ladders, Laser printers, Slings, Squares, Magnetic tools, Gage block set, Taps, Metal inert gas welding machine, Thermal spray machine, Machine end mill, Bench vises, Multi-tasking or universal machining center, Needlenose pliers, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Personal computers, Personal digital assistant PDAs or organizers, Screwdrivers, Threading die hand tool, Pipe wrenches, Planing machines, Plasma arc welding machine, Platform lift, Power sanders, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Pry bars, Putty knives, Drill press or radial drill, Radius gauge, Ratchets, Hand reamer, Honing machine, Cylinder gauge, Rubber mallet, Pneumatic sanding machines, Pitch measuring instruments, Scribers, Shaper cutter, Shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine, Double ended stud, End cut pliers, Sine bar, Mill saw file, Sledge hammer, Socket sets, Wave soldering machine, Levels, Rulers, Wedges, Surface gauge, Surface grinding machine, Swaging tools, Telescoping gauge, Thread counters or gauges, Threading machine, Tongs, Blow torch, Tube bending machine, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Turret lathe, Angle cutter, Utility knives, Protractors, Vertical machining center, Safety glasses, Welding masks, Workshop cranes. For example, 3-axis computerized numerical control CNC machines, Adjustable wrenches, Angle plates, Angled feeler gauges, Anvils, Arbor presses, Aviation snips, Ball peen hammers, Bandsaws, Beverly shears, Binocular light compound microscopes, Boring bars, Boring tools, Brake presses, Brass hammers, Brazing equipment, Breaker lathes, Broachers, Buffers, Calipers, Center drills, Centrifugal spin casters, Chamfer tools, Channel lock pliers, Chippers, Chucks, Cold chisels, Cold saws, Combination drills, Combination pliers, Combination wrenches, Composition hammers, Computerized numerical control CNC machining centers, Computerized numerical control CNC turning lathes, Coordinate measuring machines CMM, Crankshaft grinders, Cutoff saws, Cylinder honers, Cylindrical grinders, Deburring tools, Desktop computers, Dial calipers, Dial indicators, Drum lathes, Edge finders, Engine lathes, Feeler gauges, Flat files, Flywheel lathes, Forklifts, Full face shields, Gauges, Grinders, Grinding dogs, Grinding wheel arbors, Hacksaws, Half-round files, Hand clamps, Hand saws, Handheld welders, Heat-treating equipment, Height gauges, Hermaphrodite calipers, Hex keys, Hex wrenches, Horizontal boring bars, Horizontal lathes, Horizontal mills, Hydraulic presses, Inside micrometers, Inside spring calipers, Jointers, Knee mills, Ladders, Laser printers, Lathes, Machine shop rigging equipment, Machinists' hammers, Machinists' squares, Magnetic retrievers, Marking blocks, Metal cutting taps, Metal inert gas MIG welders, Metal shears, Metal spray equipment, Micrometers, Milling angle form cutters, Milling machines, Milling vises, Multi-axis computerized numerical control CNC machines, Needlenose pliers, Outside micrometers, Outside spring calipers, Oxyacetylene welding equipment, Parallel blocks, Personal computers, Personal digital assistants PDA, Phillips head screwdrivers, Pillar drill machines, Pipe threaders, Pipe wrenches, Planer gauges, Planers, Plasma welders, Platforms, Portable welding equipment, Power drills, Power hacksaws, Power sanders, Prick punches, Pry bars, Punches, Putty knives, Radial drill presses, Radial drills, Radius gauges, Ratchet sets, Reamers, Resurfacing machines, Ring gauges, Rubber mallets, Sandblasters, Screw pitch gauges, Screwdrivers, Scribers, Sensitive drill presses, Shapers, Sharpening equipment, Shears, Shielded arc welding tools, Shims, Side cutting pliers, Sine bars, Single-cut mill saw files, Sledgehammers, Socket wrench sets, Soldering equipment, Spindle blade screwdrivers, Spirit levels, Square chisels, Staging equipment, Steel rules, Steel wedges, Surface gauges, Surface grinding machines, Swaging tools, Telescoping gauges, Thread gauges, Threading machines, Tongs, Torches, Tube benders, Tungsten inert gas TIG welding equipment, Turning lathes, Turret lathes, Undercut tools, Utility knives, V blocks, Valve grinding machines, Vernier bevel protractors, Vernier calipers, Vernier gear tooth calipers, Vernier height gauges, Vertical milling machines, Vertical turret lathes VTL, Wedges, Welding lenses, Welding shields, Workshop cranes. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Near Vision, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Design, Mechanical, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Coordination, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Working with Computers, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Machinists occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Biological Technicians, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Museum Technicians and Conservators. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 74.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 74.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
