"document"
"A Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers is someone who Use hand-welding, flame-cutting, hand-soldering, or brazing equipment to weld or join metal components or to fill holes, indentations, or seams of fabricated metal products. . The Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Operate safety equipment and use safe work habits., Examine workpieces for defects and measure workpieces with straightedges or templates to ensure conformance with specifications., Weld components in flat, vertical, or overhead positions., Detect faulty operation of equipment or defective materials and notify supervisors., Recognize, set up, and operate hand and power tools common to the welding trade, such as shielded metal arc and gas metal arc welding equipment., Select and install torches, torch tips, filler rods, and flux, according to welding chart specifications or types and thicknesses of metals., Mark or tag material with proper job number, piece marks, and other identifying marks as required., Determine required equipment and welding methods, applying knowledge of metallurgy, geometry, and welding techniques., Prepare all material surfaces to be welded, ensuring that there is no loose or thick scale, slag, rust, moisture, grease, or other foreign matter., Align and clamp workpieces together, using rules, squares, or hand tools, or position items in fixtures, jigs, or vises., Connect and turn regulator valves to activate and adjust gas flow and pressure so that desired flames are obtained., Position and secure workpieces, using hoists, cranes, wire, and banding machines or hand tools., Melt and apply solder along adjoining edges of workpieces to solder joints, using soldering irons, gas torches, or electric-ultrasonic equipment., Monitor the fitting, burning, and welding processes to avoid overheating of parts or warping, shrinking, distortion, or expansion of material., Grind, cut, buff, or bend edges of workpieces to be joined to ensure snug fit, using power grinders and hand tools., Weld separately or in combination, using aluminum, stainless steel, cast iron, and other alloys., Chip or grind off excess weld, slag, or spatter, using hand scrapers or power chippers, portable grinders, or arc-cutting equipment., Develop templates and models for welding projects, using mathematical calculations based on blueprint information., Repair products by dismantling, straightening, reshaping, and reassembling parts, using cutting torches, straightening presses, and hand tools., Clean or degrease parts, using wire brushes, portable grinders, or chemical baths., Hammer out bulges or bends in metal workpieces., Check grooves, angles, or gap allowances, using micrometers, calipers, and precision measuring instruments., Melt and apply solder to fill holes, indentations, or seams of fabricated metal products, using soldering equipment., Ignite torches or start power supplies and strike arcs by touching electrodes to metals being welded, completing electrical circuits., Guide and direct flames or electrodes on or across workpieces to straighten, bend, melt, or build up metal., Use fire suppression methods in industrial emergencies., Preheat workpieces prior to welding or bending, using torches or heating furnaces., Set up and use ladders and scaffolding as necessary to complete work., Operate metal shaping, straightening, and bending machines, such as brakes and shears., Analyze engineering drawings, blueprints, specifications, sketches, work orders, and material safety data sheets to plan layout, assembly, and operations..  They also know about using the following technology: Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Computer aided design CAD software, Analytical or scientific software, Electronic mail software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Operating system software, Calendar and scheduling software, Data base user interface and query software. Examples include Enterprise resource planning ERP software, EZ Pipe, Fred's Tip Cartridge Picker, IBM Notes, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Windows, OmniFleet Equipment Maintenance Management, Oracle Database, Recordkeeping software, Scientific Software Group Filter Drain FD, Value Analysis. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Pneumatic hammer, Pneumatic drill, Pneumatic sanding machines, Protractors, Anvils, Voltage or current meters, Metal band sawing machine, Manual press brake, Welder torch, Power buffers, Calipers, Pullers, Microcontrollers, Frequency converters, Power saws, Deburring tool, Desktop computers, Welding generator, Wetsuits, Drill press or radial drill, Hoists, Threading machine, Welding wire, Thickness measuring devices, Forklifts, Flow sensors, Goggles, Power grinders, Hacksaw, Hammers, Hand clamps, Threading taps, Welding masks, Induction heaters, Tungsten inert gas welding machine, Jacks, Hydraulic press frames, Manlift or personnel lift, Impact wrenches, Workshop cranes, Positioning jig, Ladders, Laser printers, Laser welding machine, Tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe, Levels, Light trucks or sport utility vehicles, Hydraulic press brake, Cutting die, Taps, Metal inert gas welding machine, Metal stamps, Micrometers, Milling machines, Direct current DC arc welder, Blow torch, Nibblers, Notebook computers, Track cranes, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Personal computers, Pry bars, Pipe or tube cutter, Plasma arc welding machine, Shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine, Potentiometers, Power chippers, Power drills, Wire brushes, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Ratchets, Spot welding machine, Respirators, Rulers, Scaffolding, Screwdrivers, Scribers, Respiration air supplying self contained breathing apparatus or accessories, Flame cutting machine, Shears, Mill saw file, Metal slitting saw, Socket sets, Soldering iron, Squares, Pressure or steam cleaners, Straight edges, Pyrometers, Tape measures, Temperature gauge, Templates, Tinners snips, Tongs, Welding or cutting tip, Tube bending machine, Two way radios, Ultrasonic welding machine, Electrode holder, Welding electrode, Alternating current AC arc welder, Utility knives, Bench vises, Protective gloves, Safety glasses, Welding robots, Winches, Wire cutters, Speed sensors. For example, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Adjustable wrenches, Air chisels, Air drills, Air scalers, Angle finders, Anvils, Arc voltage measurement instruments, Bandsaws, Brakes, Brazing equipment, Buffers, Calipers, Comealongs, Computerized numerical control CNC programmable welding robot controllers, Current converters, Cutoff saws, Deburring tools, Desktop computers, Direct current DC sources, Dive suits, Drill presses, Electric overhead hoists, Electric pipe threaders, Electrode wires, Fillet weld gauges, Forklifts, Gas flow measurement instruments, Goggles, Grinding machines, Hacksaws, Hammers, Hand chipping hammers, Hand clamps, Hand pipe threaders, Hand shields, Heating coils, Heliarc welding equipment, Hydraulic jacks, Hydraulic presses, Hydraulic truck lifts, Impact wrenches, Jibs, Jigs, Ladders, Laser printers, Laser welders, Lathes, Levels, Light trucks, Metal benders, Metal cutting dies, Metal cutting taps, Metal inert gas MIG welders, Metal markers, Micrometers, Milling machines, Mobile welding units, Motorized cutting torches, Nibblers, Notebook computers, Overhead cranes, Oxyacetylene torches, Oxyacetylene welding equipment, Pattern cutting torches, Personal computers, Pinchbars, Pipe cutters, Plasma welders, Portable gas operated arc welders, Portable magnetic drill presses, Potentiometers, Power chippers, Power drills, Power grinders, Power saws, Power wire brushes, Propane torches, Protractors, Pry bars, Punch presses, Punches, Ratchets, Reciprocating saws, Resistance welding equipment, Respirator hose masks, Rod ovens, Rulers, Scaffolding, Screwdrivers, Scribers, Self-contained breathing apparatus, Semiautomatic flame-cutting equipment, Shears, Shielded arc welding tools, Single-cut mill saw files, Slitters, Socket wrench sets, Soldering irons, Soldering jigs, Squares, Steam cleaning equipment, Storage ovens and hot boxes, Straightedges, Surface contact pyrometers, Swing stages, Tape measures, Temperature gauges, Templates, Tin snips, Tongs, Torch tips, Tube benders, Tungsten inert gas TIG welding equipment, Two way radios, Ultrasonic soldering equipment, Ultrasonic welding equipment, Underwater electrode holders, Underwater electrodes, Underwater welding equipment, Unishears, Utility knives, Vernier calipers, Vises, Waterproof gloves, Welding current measurement instruments, Welding electrode holders, Welding electrodes, Welding guns, Welding lenses, Welding masks, Welding robots, Welding shields, Welding tips, Welding torches, Winches, Wire brushes, Wire cutters, Wire feed rate measurement instruments, Wirefeed welders, Workshop cranes. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Visualization, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Mechanical to do their job well. They employ the following skills Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic, Model Makers, Metal and Plastic, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Tool and Die Makers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 9.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 9.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Welders, Cutters, Solderers, and Brazers. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
