"document"
"A Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders is someone who Operate or tend a variety of machines to join, decorate, reinforce, or finish shoes and shoe parts. . The Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Manufacturing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Study work orders or shoe part tags to obtain information about workloads, specifications, and the types of materials to be used., Remove and examine shoes, shoe parts, and designs to verify conformance to specifications such as proper embedding of stitches in channels., Perform routine equipment maintenance such as cleaning and lubricating machines or replacing broken needles., Cut excess thread or material from shoe parts, using scissors or knives., Turn screws to regulate size of staples., Align parts to be stitched, following seams, edges, or markings, before positioning them under needles., Turn setscrews on needle bars, and position required numbers of needles in stitching machines., Switch on machines, lower pressure feet or rollers to secure parts, and start machine stitching, using hand, foot, or knee controls., Collect shoe parts from conveyer belts or racks and place them in machinery such as ovens or on molds for dressing, returning them to conveyers or racks to send them to the next work station., Position dies on material in a manner that will obtain the maximum number of parts from each portion of material., Test machinery to ensure proper functioning before beginning production., Operate or tend machines to join, decorate, reinforce, or finish shoes and shoe parts., Draw thread through machine guide slots, needles, and presser feet in preparation for stitching, or load rolls of wire through machine axles., Fill shuttle spools with thread from a machine's bobbin winder by pressing a foot treadle., Load hot-melt plastic rod glue through reactivator axles, using wrenches, and switch on reactivators, setting temperature and timers to heat glue to specifications., Staple sides of shoes, pressing a foot treadle to position and hold each shoe under the feeder of the machine., Select and place spools of thread or pre-wound bobbins into shuttles, or onto spindles or loupers of stitching machines., Hammer loose staples for proper attachment., Turn knobs to adjust stitch length and thread tension..  They also know about using the following technology: Document management software, Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Operating system software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Industrial control software. Examples include Adobe Acrobat, Inventory tracking software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft operating system, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Production control software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Staple guns, Winding or reeling or spooling machines, Claw hammer, Shears, Shoe heelpiece machine, Sewing machines, Blade sharpener, Leather presses, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Screwdrivers, Conveyor system, Power sanders, Sewing needles, Shoe shining machine, Leather nailing machines, Shoe stretcher, Finishing machines, Utility knives, Vacuum molding machines. For example, Adjustable hand wrenches, Automatic staple guns, Bobbin winders, Claw hammers, Heavy duty scissors, Heel wheels, Industrial sewing machines, Knife sharpeners, Leather pressing machines, Leather punches, Multipurpose screwdrivers, Patch machines, Production conveyor systems, Sanding machines, Scissor sharpeners, Sewing needles, Shoe cleaning machines, Shoe nailers, Shoe shine machines, Shoe stretchers, Textile finishing machines, Utility knives, Vacuum presses. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationshipsin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Mechanical, Education and Training to do their job well. They employ the following skills Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers, Machinists, Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners, Potters, Manufacturing, Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 7.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 7.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe Machine Operators and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
