"document"
"A Sewers, Hand is someone who Sew, join, reinforce, or finish, usually with needle and thread, a variety of manufactured items. Includes weavers and stitchers. . The Sewers, Hand  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Sew, join, reinforce, or finish parts of articles, such as garments, books, mattresses, toys, and wigs, using needles and thread or other materials., Trim excess threads or edges of parts, using scissors or knives., Select thread, twine, cord, or yarn to be used, and thread needles., Draw and cut patterns according to specifications., Fold, twist, stretch, or drape material, and secure articles in preparation for sewing., Smooth seams with heated irons, flat bones, or rubbing sticks., Measure and align parts, fasteners, or trimmings, following seams, edges, or markings on parts., Use different sewing techniques such as felling, tacking, basting, embroidery, and fagoting., Sew buttonholes, or add lace or other trimming., Wax thread by drawing it through a ball of wax., Tie, knit, weave or knot ribbon, yarn, or decorative materials., Soften leather or shoe material with water to prepare it for sewing., Attach trimmings and labels to articles with cement, using brushes or cement guns..  They also know about using the following technology: Graphics or photo imaging software, Computer aided design CAD software, Optical character reader OCR or scanning software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software. Examples include Adobe FreeHand MX, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe Photoshop, Corel CorelDraw Graphics Suite, Drawing software, Embroidery design software, Graphics digitizing software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft PowerPoint, Template design software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Laser printers, Embroidery making machines, Shears, Dressmakers ruler, Fids, Notebook computers, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Tape measures, Needle threader, Awls, Domestic clothing irons, Seam gauge, Seam ripper, Sewing needles, Thimbles, Straight pins, Tablet computers, Squares, Utility knives. For example, Computer laser printers, Embroidery machines, Fabric shears, Foot rules, Gridded rulers, Lacing fids, Laptop computers, Leather punches, Measuring tapes, Needle threaders, Overstitchers, Pressing irons, Seam gauges, Seam rippers, Sewing awls, Sewing needles, Sewing scissors, Sewing thimbles, Steel straight pins, Stitching fids, Tablet computers, Tailor's squares, Utility knives, Vary form curves. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Category Flexibility, Visualization, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Near Vision, Visual Color Discrimination. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Design, Mathematics to do their job well.  Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Selling or Influencing Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Sewers, Hand occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers, Craft Artists, Watch and Clock Repairers, Cooks, Private Household, Potters, Manufacturing. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
