"document"
"A Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers is someone who Construct, decorate, or repair leather and leather-like products, such as luggage, shoes, and saddles. May use hand tools. . The Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Dye, soak, polish, paint, stamp, stitch, stain, buff, or engrave leather or other materials to obtain desired effects, decorations, or shapes., Cut out parts, following patterns or outlines, using knives, shears, scissors, or machine presses., Construct, decorate, or repair leather products according to specifications, using sewing machines, needles and thread, leather lacing, glue, clamps, hand tools, or rivets., Repair and recondition leather products such as trunks, luggage, shoes, saddles, belts, purses, and baseball gloves., Align and stitch or glue materials such as fabric, fleece, leather, or wood, to join parts., Inspect articles for defects, and remove damaged or worn parts, using hand tools., Drill or punch holes and insert or attach metal rings, handles, and fastening hardware, such as buckles., Prepare inserts, heel pads, and lifts from casts of customers' feet., Dress and otherwise finish boots or shoes, as by trimming the edges of new soles and heels to the shoe shape., Attach insoles to shoe lasts, affix shoe uppers, and apply heels and outsoles., Clean and polish shoes., Cement, nail, or sew soles and heels to shoes., Check the texture, color, and strength of leather to ensure that it is adequate for a particular purpose., Shape shoe heels with a knife, and sand them on a buffing wheel for smoothness., Place shoes on lasts to remove soles and heels, using knives or pliers., Repair or replace soles, heels, and other parts of footwear, using sewing, buffing and other shoe repair machines, materials, and equipment., Cut, insert, position, and secure paddings, cushioning, or linings, using stitches or glue., Estimate the costs of requested products or services such as custom footwear or footwear repair, and receive payment from customers., Draw patterns, using measurements, designs, plaster casts, or customer specifications, and position or outline patterns on work pieces., Nail heel and toe cleats onto shoes., Re-sew seams, and replace handles and linings of suitcases or handbags., Stretch shoes, dampening parts and inserting and twisting parts, using an adjustable stretcher., Read prescriptions or specifications, and take measurements to establish the type of product to be made, using calipers, tape measures, or rules., Attach accessories or ornamentation to decorate or protect products., Make, modify, and repair orthopedic or therapeutic footwear according to doctors' prescriptions, or modify existing footwear for people with foot problems and special needs., Select materials and patterns, and trace patterns onto materials to be cut out., Measure customers for fit, and discuss with them the type of footwear to be made, recommending details such as leather quality..  They also know about using the following technology: Accounting software, Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Point of sale POS software. Examples include Bookkeeping software, Financial accounting software, Inventory tracking software, Microsoft Excel, Sale processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Sewing machines, Leather cutting machines, Planes, Power buffers, Pullers, Inkjet printers, Power drills, Magnetic stripe readers and encoders, Calipers, Bench scales, Cash registers, Hand clamps, Shears, Shoe heelpiece machine, Leatherworking workshop equipment, Blade sharpener, Awls, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Leather riveting machines, Tape measures, Personal computers, Applicator brushes, Rotary paper or fabric cutter, Rulers, Razor knives, Protective gloves, Sewing needles, Hammers, Anatomical models, Polishing machines, Leather presses, Sanding machines, Slip or groove joint pliers, Utility knives, Wire brushes, Wire cutters. For example, Automatic sole stitchers, Bench trimmers, Block planes, Buffing wheels, Cobblers' pincers, Computer inkjet printers, Cordless drills, Credit card readers, Digital calipers, Digital scales, Electronic cash registers, Hand clamps, Heavy duty scissors, Heel-nailing machines, Hole punching equipment, Industrial sewing machines, Knife sharpeners, Leather awls, Leather drive punch sets, Leather punchers, Leather rivet settings, Leather shears, Leather skivers, Measuring tapes, Mini leather cutters, Outside stitching machines, Personal computers, Polish applicator brushes, Portable electric fabric cutters, Precision rulers, Razor knives, Rotary fabric cutters, Rotary hole punchers, Safety gloves, Scissor sharpeners, Sewing needles, Shoe hammers, Shoe lasts, Shoe polishing machines, Shoe repair presses, Shoe sanding machines, Slip-joint pliers, Sole stitchers, Tack hammers, Utility knives, Wire cleaning brushes, Wire nippers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Artistic. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing to do their job well.  Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers, Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners, Machinists, Model Makers, Metal and Plastic, Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Commercial and Industrial Designers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Jewelers and Precious Stone and Metal Workers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Shoe and Leather Workers and Repairers. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
