"document"
"A Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood is someone who Set up, operate, or tend wood sawing machines. May operate computer numerically controlled (CNC) equipment. Includes lead sawyers. . The Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Inspect and measure workpieces to mark for cuts and to verify the accuracy of cuts, using rulers, squares, or caliper rules., Adjust saw blades, using wrenches and rulers, or by turning handwheels or pressing pedals, levers, or panel buttons., Mount and bolt sawing blades or attachments to machine shafts., Set up, operate, or tend saws or machines that cut or trim wood to specified dimensions, such as circular saws, band saws, multiple-blade sawing machines, scroll saws, ripsaws, or crozer machines., Inspect stock for imperfections or to estimate grades or qualities of stock or workpieces., Monitor sawing machines, adjusting speed and tension and clearing jams to ensure proper operation., Sharpen blades, or replace defective or worn blades or bands, using hand tools., Guide workpieces against saws, saw over workpieces by hand, or operate automatic feeding devices to guide cuts., Clear machine jams, using hand tools., Lubricate or clean machines, using wrenches, grease guns, or solvents., Adjust bolts, clamps, stops, guides, or table angles or heights, using hand tools., Examine logs or lumber to plan the best cuts., Trim lumber to straighten rough edges or remove defects, using circular saws., Count, sort, or stack finished workpieces., Position and clamp stock on tables, conveyors, or carriages, using hoists, guides, stops, dogs, wedges, or wrenches., Unload and roll logs from trucks to sawmill decks or to carriages, or move logs in ponds, using pike poles., Measure and mark stock for cuts., Operate panelboards of saw or conveyor systems to move stock through processes or to cut stock to specified dimensions., Examine blueprints, drawings, work orders, or patterns to determine equipment set-up or selection details, procedures to be used, or dimensions of final products., Pull tables back against stops and depress pedals to advance cutterheads that shape stock ends., Select saw blades, types or grades of stock, or cutting procedures to be used, according to work orders or supervisors' instructions., Cut grooves, bevels, or miters, saw curved or irregular designs, and sever or shape metals, according to specifications or work orders., Unclamp and remove finished workpieces from tables., Dispose of waste material after completing work assignments..  They also know about using the following technology: Document management software, Inventory management software, Industrial control software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software. Examples include Adobe Acrobat, Automated inventory software, Computerized numerical control CNC software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Power saws, Bench dog, Biscuit jointers, C clamps, Squares, Mainframe console or dumb terminals, Belt conveyors, Forestry saws, Desktop computers, Calipers, Forklifts, Grease guns, Hoists, Hold down clamps, Sharpening stones or tools or kits, Tape measures, Sawing machines, Personal computers, Extension pole, Planing machines, Spot welding machine, Power drills, Power sanders, Rulers, Saw guide, Scroll saw, Bevels, Screwdrivers, Utility knives. For example, Adjustable hand wrenches, Band saws, Band scroll saws, Bench dogs, Biscuit jointers, C clamps, Circular saws, Combination squares, Computer terminals, Contour band saws, Conveyer belt systems, Crosscut saws, Cutoff saws, Desktop computers, Dial calipers, Digital calipers, Forklifts, Grease guns, Head saws, Hoisting equipment, Holding clamps, Honing stones, Jig saws, Measuring tapes, Miter saws, Multiple blade sawing machines, Personal computers, Pike poles, Planers, Portable welding equipment, Power drills, Power sanders, Precision rulers, Rip saws, Saw guides, Scroll saws, Sliding t-bevels, Sliding table saws, Steel rules, Straight screwdrivers, Table saws, Utility knives, Vernier calipers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Problem Sensitivity, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Trunk Strength, Stamina, Near Vision, Depth Perception. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Mechanical to do their job well. They employ the following skills Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control. Their average day consists of the following activities Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Machinists, Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Model Makers, Metal and Plastic, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Sawing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Wood. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
