"document"
"A Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing is someone who Set up, operate, or tend woodworking machines, such as drill presses, lathes, shapers, routers, sanders, planers, and wood nailing machines. May operate computer numerically controlled (CNC) equipment. . The Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Other Services (except Public Administration), Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Set up, program, operate, or tend computerized or manual woodworking machines, such as drill presses, lathes, shapers, routers, sanders, planers, or wood-nailing machines., Examine finished workpieces for smoothness, shape, angle, depth-of-cut, or conformity to specifications and verify dimensions, visually and using hands, rules, calipers, templates, or gauges., Start machines, adjust controls, and make trial cuts to ensure that machinery is operating properly., Monitor operation of machines and make adjustments to correct problems and ensure conformance to specifications., Examine raw woodstock for defects and to ensure conformity to size and other specification standards., Adjust machine tables or cutting devices and set controls on machines to produce specified cuts or operations., Install and adjust blades, cutterheads, boring-bits, or sanding-belts, using hand tools and rules., Change alignment and adjustment of sanding, cutting, or boring machine guides to prevent defects in finished products, using hand tools., Determine product specifications and materials, work methods, and machine setup requirements, according to blueprints, oral or written instructions, drawings, or work orders., Feed stock through feed mechanisms or conveyors into planing, shaping, boring, mortising, or sanding machines to produce desired components., Push or hold workpieces against, under, or through cutting, boring, or shaping mechanisms., Select knives, saws, blades, cutter heads, cams, bits, or belts, according to workpiece, machine functions, or product specifications., Remove and replace worn parts, bits, belts, sandpaper, or shaping tools., Secure woodstock against a guide or in a holding device, place woodstock on a conveyor, or dump woodstock in a hopper to feed woodstock into machines., Inspect and mark completed workpieces and stack them on pallets, in boxes, or on conveyors so that they can be moved to the next workstation., Inspect pulleys, drive belts, guards, or fences on machines to ensure that machines will operate safely., Clean or maintain products, machines, or work areas., Attach and adjust guides, stops, clamps, chucks, or feed mechanisms, using hand tools., Trim wood parts according to specifications, using planes, chisels, or wood files or sanders., Grease or oil woodworking machines., Unclamp workpieces and remove them from machines., Start machines and move levers to engage hydraulic lifts that press woodstocks into desired forms and disengage lifts after appropriate drying times., Operate gluing machines to glue pieces of wood together, or to press and affix wood veneer to wood surfaces., Set up, program, or control computer-aided design (CAD) or computer numerical control (CNC) machines., Control hoists to remove parts or products from work stations., Sharpen knives, bits, or other cutting or shaping tools..  They also know about using the following technology: Document management software, Development environment software, Graphics or photo imaging software, Desktop publishing software, Operating system software, Data base user interface and query software, Computer aided design CAD software, Computer aided manufacturing CAM software, Industrial control software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Object or component oriented development software, Time accounting software, Video creation and editing software. Examples include Adobe Acrobat, Adobe Creative Suite, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, Apple macOS, AS/400 Database, Autodesk AutoCAD, Computer aided design and drafting CADD software, Computer aided manufacturing CAM software, Computerized numerical control CNC software, Dassault Systemes CATIA, Dassault Systemes SolidWorks, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Inventory control software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft operating system, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Oracle Java, Timekeeping software, Vero Software ALPHACAM, Word processing software, YouTube. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Power saws, Power grinders, Biscuit jointers, Boring machines, Positioning jig, Claw hammer, Squares, Mainframe console or dumb terminals, Conveyor feeders, Desktop computers, Calipers, Compasses, Cutting machines, Drilling machines, Sanding machines, Grease guns, Wood gouge, Saws, Height gauges, Hold down clamps, Hydraulic press frames, Tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe, Templates, Milling machines, Power nail guns, Paint brushes, Planing machines, Pneumatic sanding machines, Power routers, Power sanders, Rulers, Grinding machines, Acoustic ear muffs or defenders, Protractors, Safety glasses, Protective gloves, Planes, Shaper cutter, Hand sprayers, Horizontal turning center, Cheesegrater file, Wood chisels. For example, Adjustable hand wrenches, Automatic panel saws, Bench grinders, Biscuit jointers, Boring bars, Boring machines, Case clamps, Claw hammers, Combination squares, Computer terminals, Computerized numerical control CNC boring machines, Conveyor feeders, Desktop computers, Dial calipers, Digital calipers, Dividers, Double end tenoners, Drill presses, Edge sanders, Grease guns, Hand lathes, Handsaws, Height gauges, Holding clamps, Holding jigs, Hydraulic hot presses, Lathes, Layout templates, Line boring machines, Machining centers, Nailing machines, Paint application brushes, Planers, Planing machines, Pneumatic sanding machines, Power routers, Power sanders, Precision rulers, Profile grinders, Protective ear muffs, Protractors, Random orbital sanders, Safety glasses, Safety gloves, Screw pocket machines, Shapers, Shaping machines, Spindle shapers, Spray guns, Tenoners, Turning lathes, Vernier calipers, Wide belt sanders, Wood files, Woodworking chisels. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Mechanical to do their job well. They employ the following skills Monitoring, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Processing Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Model Makers, Metal and Plastic, Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic, Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Machinists, Maintenance Workers, Machinery. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Woodworking Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders, Except Sawing. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. "
