"document"
"A Patternmakers, Wood is someone who Plan, lay out, and construct wooden unit or sectional patterns used in forming sand molds for castings. . The Patternmakers, Wood  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Manufacturing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Read blueprints, drawings, or written specifications to determine sizes and shapes of patterns and required machine setups., Fit, fasten, and assemble wood parts together to form patterns, models, or sections, using glue, nails, dowels, bolts, and screws., Lay out patterns on wood stock and draw outlines of units, sectional patterns, or full-scale mock-ups of products, based on blueprint specifications and sketches, and using marking and measuring devices., Trim, smooth, and shape surfaces, and plane, shave, file, scrape, and sand models to attain specified shapes, using hand tools., Divide patterns into sections according to shapes of castings to facilitate removal of patterns from molds., Verify dimensions of completed patterns, using templates, straightedges, calipers, or protractors., Correct patterns to compensate for defects in castings., Set up, operate, and adjust a variety of woodworking machines such as bandsaws and lathes to cut and shape sections, parts, and patterns, according to specifications., Finish completed products or models with shellac, lacquer, wax, or paint., Estimate costs for patternmaking jobs., Mark identifying information such as colors or codes on patterns, parts, and templates to indicate assembly methods., Repair broken or damaged patterns., Maintain pattern records for reference., Glue fillets along interior angles of patterns., Construct wooden models, templates, full scale mock-ups, jigs, or molds for shaping parts of products., Compute dimensions, areas, volumes, and weights., Select lumber to be used for patterns., Collect and store patterns and lumber., Inventory equipment and supplies, ordering parts and tools as necessary., Issue patterns to designated machine operators..  They also know about using the following technology: Computer aided design CAD software, Computer aided manufacturing CAM software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software. Examples include 3D Systems Geomagic Design X, Autodesk AutoCAD, Computer aided design CAD software, Delcam PowerMILL, Mastercam computer-aided design and manufacturing software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Automatic lathe or chucking machine, Power saws, Drill press or radial drill, Hammers, Cleaning scrapers, Power routers, Power sanders, Bench scales, Calipers, Micrometers, Planes, Tape measures, Milling machines, Hacksaw, Screwdrivers, Power grinders, Protractors, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Wood chisels, Slip joint pliers, Sockets, Straight edges. For example, Adjustable hand wrenches, Automatic lathes, Bandsaws, Benchtop drill presses, Carpenters' hammers, Cleaning scrapers, Computer numerically controlled CNC routers, Cordless power sanders, Digital bench scales, Digital calipers, Digital micrometers, Hand planers, Measuring tapes, Milling machines, Mini hacksaws, Multipurpose screwdrivers, Power grinders, Protractors, Punch sets, Roughing gouges, Slip joint pliers, Socket sets, Straight-edges, Table saws, Woodworking chisels. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Depth Perception, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Realistic, Artistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Engineering and Technology, Design, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Mathematics, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Patternmakers, Wood occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Industrial Engineers, Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Museum Technicians and Conservators. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 17.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 17.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Industrial Engineers. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Patternmakers, Wood. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
