"document"
"A Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators is someone who Operate or maintain stationary engines, boilers, or other mechanical equipment to provide utilities for buildings or industrial processes. Operate equipment such as steam engines, generators, motors, turbines, and steam boilers. . The Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Operate or tend stationary engines, boilers, and auxiliary equipment, such as pumps, compressors, or air-conditioning equipment, to supply and maintain steam or heat for buildings, marine vessels, or pneumatic tools., Activate valves to maintain required amounts of water in boilers, to adjust supplies of combustion air, and to control the flow of fuel into burners., Monitor boiler water, chemical, and fuel levels, and make adjustments to maintain required levels., Analyze problems and take appropriate action to ensure continuous and reliable operation of equipment and systems., Observe and interpret readings on gauges, meters, and charts registering various aspects of boiler operation to ensure that boilers are operating properly., Maintain daily logs of operation, maintenance, and safety activities, including test results, instrument readings, and details of equipment malfunctions and maintenance work., Test boiler water quality or arrange for testing and take necessary corrective action, such as adding chemicals to prevent corrosion and harmful deposits., Monitor and inspect equipment, computer terminals, switches, valves, gauges, alarms, safety devices, and meters to detect leaks or malfunctions and to ensure that equipment is operating efficiently and safely., Switch from automatic to manual controls and isolate equipment mechanically and electrically to allow for safe inspection and repair work., Perform or arrange for repairs, such as complete overhauls, replacement of defective valves, gaskets, or bearings, or fabrication of new parts., Adjust controls and/or valves on equipment to provide power, and to regulate and set operations of system or industrial processes., Clean and lubricate boilers and auxiliary equipment and make minor adjustments as needed, using hand tools., Develop operation, safety, and maintenance procedures or assist in their development., Test electrical systems to determine voltages, using voltage meters., Contact equipment manufacturers or appropriate specialists when necessary to resolve equipment problems., Weigh, measure, and record fuel used., Receive instructions from steam engineers regarding steam plant and air compressor operations., Install burners and auxiliary equipment, using hand tools., Check the air quality of ventilation systems and make adjustments to ensure compliance with mandated safety codes., Provide assistance to plumbers in repairing or replacing water, sewer, or waste lines, and in daily maintenance activities., Fire coal furnaces by hand or with stokers and gas- or oil-fed boilers, using automatic gas feeds or oil pumps., Supervise the work of assistant stationary engineers, turbine operators, boiler tenders, or air conditioning and refrigeration operators and mechanics., Investigate and report on accidents., Operate mechanical hoppers and provide assistance in their adjustment and repair., Ignite fuel in burners, using torches or flames..  They also know about using the following technology: Facilities management software, Data base user interface and query software, Electronic mail software, Graphics or photo imaging software, Web platform development software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Operating system software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Analytical or scientific software, Internet browser software. Examples include Building management system software, Computerized maintenance management system CMMS, Database software, Email software, Graphics software, Microsoft Active Server Pages ASP, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Operating system software, Operational Data Store ODS software, SAP software, Spreadsheet software, Statistical software, Web browser software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Voltage or current meters, Tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe, Pressure sensors, Claw hammer, Colorimeters, Explosimeters, Conductivity meters, Pneumatic sanding machines, Calipers, Dial indicator or dial gauge, Multimeters, Drill press or radial drill, Dropping pipettes, Drain or pipe cleaning equipment, Remote reading thermometers, Temperature transmitters, Cleaning scrapers, Masks or accessories, Forklifts, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Laboratory graduated cylinders, Grapples, Grease guns, Threading taps, Hydraulic truck cranes, Hydraulic press frames, Hydrometers, Floor or platform scales, Heat tracing equipment, Ladders, Squares, Locking pliers, Pressure indicators, Cutting die, Taps, Micrometers, Ohmmeters, Oil gun, Opacity or dust or visibility sensors, Personal computers, pH meters, Screwdrivers, Pipe or tube cutter, Pipe wrenches, Air pumps, Power drills, Power meters, Power saws, Levels, Pressure transmitters, Microcontrollers, Ear plugs, Ratchets, Hammer drills, Safety glasses, Protective gloves, Scaffolding, Respiration air supplying self contained breathing apparatus or accessories, Shielded metal arc welding or stick welding machine, Psychrometers, Socket sets, Pressure or steam cleaners, Tapping machine, Thermocouples, Turbidimeters, Two way radios, Pressure or vacuum recorders. For example, Adjustable wrenches, Amp meters, Bench lathes, Bourdon tubes, Claw hammers, Colorimeters, Combustion analyzers, Conductivity meters, Descalers, Dial calipers, Dial indicators, Digital multimeters, Drill presses, Dropping pipettes, Electric drain augers, Electronic remote reading thermometers, Electronic temperature sensors, Equipment cleaning scrapers, Filter masks, Forklifts, Gas brazing equipment, Graduated glass cylinders, Grapple cranes, Grease guns, Hand pipe threaders, Hydraulic boom trucks, Hydraulic press frames, Hydrometers, Industrial platform scales, Infrared guns, Ladders, Layout squares, Locking pliers, Manifold test gauges, Metal cutting dies, Metal cutting taps, Micrometers, Ohmmeters, Oil guns, Opacity meters, Oxyacetylene welding equipment, Personal computers, pH indicators, Phillips head screwdrivers, Pipe cutters, Pipe wrenches, Pneumatic pumps, Power drills, Power meters, Power saws, Precision levels, Pressure gauges, Pressure transmitters, Programmable logic controllers PLC, Protective ear plugs, Ratchets, Rotary hammers, Safety glasses, Safety gloves, Sandblasters, Scaffolding, Self-contained breathing apparatus, Shielded arc welding tools, Sling psychrometers, Socket wrench sets, Steam cleaning equipment, Straight screwdrivers, Tapping machines, Thermocouples, Turbidimeters, Two way radios, Voltmeters, Water column gauges. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Perceptual Speed, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Near Vision, Far Vision, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Coordination, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Systems Evaluation, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Solar Energy Systems Engineers, Biomass Power Plant Managers, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health, Transportation Inspectors. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 17.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 17.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Natural Sciences Managers. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Architects, Except Landscape and Naval. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. "
