"document"
"A Hydroelectric Plant Technicians is someone who Monitor and control activities associated with hydropower generation. Operate plant equipment, such as turbines, pumps, valves, gates, fans, electric control boards, and battery banks. Monitor equipment operation and performance and make necessary adjustments to ensure optimal performance. Perform equipment maintenance and repair as necessary. . The Hydroelectric Plant Technicians  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Operate high voltage switches or related devices in hydropower stations., Identify or address malfunctions of hydroelectric plant operational equipment, such as generators, transformers, or turbines., Inspect water-powered electric generators or auxiliary equipment in hydroelectric plants to verify proper operation or to determine maintenance or repair needs., Implement load or switching orders in hydroelectric plants, in accordance with specifications or instructions., Start, adjust, or stop generating units, operating valves, gates, or auxiliary equipment in hydroelectric power generating plants., Perform preventive or corrective containment or cleanup measures in hydroelectric plants to prevent environmental contamination., Maintain or repair hydroelectric plant electrical, mechanical, or electronic equipment, such as motors, transformers, voltage regulators, generators, relays, battery systems, air compressors, sump pumps, gates, or valves., Operate hydroelectric plant equipment, such as turbines, pumps, valves, gates, fans, electric control boards, or battery banks., Communicate status of hydroelectric operating equipment to dispatchers or supervisors., Monitor hydroelectric power plant equipment operation and performance, adjusting to performance specifications, as necessary., Take readings and record data, such as water levels, temperatures, or flow rates., Install or calibrate electrical or mechanical equipment, such as motors, engines, switchboards, relays, switch gears, meters, pumps, hydraulics, or flood channels., Lift and move loads, using cranes, hoists, and rigging, to install or repair hydroelectric system equipment or infrastructure., Maintain logs, reports, work requests, or other records of work performed in hydroelectric plants., Change oil, hydraulic fluid, or other lubricants to maintain condition of hydroelectric plant equipment., Perform tunnel or field inspections of hydroelectric plant facilities or resources., Connect metal parts or components in hydroelectric plants by welding, soldering, riveting, tapping, bolting, bonding, or screwing., Erect scaffolds, platforms, or hoisting frames to access hydroelectric plant machinery or infrastructure for repair or replacement., Cut, bend, or shape metal for applications in hydroelectric plants, using equipment such as hydraulic benders or pipe threaders., Splice or terminate cables or electrical wiring in hydroelectric plants., Test and repair or replace electrical equipment, such as circuit breakers, station batteries, cable trays, conduits, or control devices..  They also know about using the following technology: Facilities management software, Industrial control software, Electronic mail software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software, Internet browser software. Examples include Computerized maintenance management system CMMS, Distributed control system DCS, IBM Lotus Notes, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Supervisory control and data acquisition SCADA software, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Locking pliers, Ammeters, Claw hammer, Turbine engines, Power drills, Desktop computers, Multimeters, Drill press or radial drill, Forklifts, Grease guns, Hydroelectric engines, Notebook computers, Level sensors or transmitters, Two way radios, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Spot welding machine, Power grinders, Power saws, Microcontrollers, Acoustic ear muffs or defenders, Respirators, Ratchets, Scaffolding, Socket sets, Platform lift, Steam engines, Horizontal turning center, Flow sensors, Pressure indicators, Handheld thermometer, Wire cutters, Stripping tools, Workshop cranes. For example, Adjustable hand wrenches, Channel lock pliers, Clamp-on ammeters, Claw hammers, Combustion turbines, Cordless drills, Desktop computers, Digital multimeters, Drill presses, Forklifts, Grease guns, Hydroelectric generating units, Laptop computers, Level probes, Mobile radios, Personal computers, Phillips head screwdrivers, Portable welding equipment, Power grinders, Power saws, Programmable logic controllers PLC, Protective ear muffs, Protective respirators, Ratchet sets, Scaffolding, Socket wrench sets, Staging equipment, Steam turbines, Straight screwdrivers, Turning lathes, Water flow meters, Water pressure gauges, Water temperature gauges, Wire cutters, Wire strippers, Workshop cranes. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Mathematical Reasoning, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Design, Building and Construction, Mechanical, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Mathematics, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Coordination, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Hydroelectric Plant Technicians occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Solar Energy Systems Engineers, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health, Marine Engineers and Naval Architects, Transportation Inspectors. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 15.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 15.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Marine Engineers and Naval Architects. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Marine Engineers and Naval Architects. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Marine Engineers and Naval Architects. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Marine Engineers and Naval Architects. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Marine Engineers and Naval Architects. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Hydroelectric Plant Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. "
