"document"
"A Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders is someone who Set up, operate, or tend machines, such as glass-forming machines, plodder machines, and tuber machines, to shape and form products such as glassware, food, rubber, soap, brick, tile, clay, wax, tobacco, or cosmetics. . The Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Adjust machine components to regulate speeds, pressures, and temperatures, and amounts, dimensions, and flow of materials or ingredients., Press control buttons to activate machinery and equipment., Examine, measure, and weigh materials or products to verify conformance to standards, using measuring devices such as templates, micrometers, or scales., Monitor machine operations and observe lights and gauges to detect malfunctions., Clear jams, and remove defective or substandard materials or products., Notify supervisors when extruded filaments fail to meet standards., Record and maintain production data, such as meter readings, and quantities, types, and dimensions of materials produced., Review work orders, specifications, or instructions to determine materials, ingredients, procedures, components, settings, and adjustments for extruding, forming, pressing, or compacting machines., Turn controls to adjust machine functions, such as regulating air pressure, creating vacuums, and adjusting coolant flow., Clean dies, arbors, compression chambers, and molds, using swabs, sponges, or air hoses., Synchronize speeds of sections of machines when producing products involving several steps or processes., Move materials, supplies, components, and finished products between storage and work areas, using work aids such as racks, hoists, and handtrucks., Activate machines to shape or form products, such as candy bars, light bulbs, balloons, or insulation panels., Select and install machine components, such as dies, molds, and cutters, according to specifications, using hand tools and measuring devices., Send product samples to laboratories for analysis., Couple air and gas lines to machines to maintain plasticity of material and to regulate solidification of final products., Pour, scoop, or dump specified ingredients, metal assemblies, or mixtures into sections of machine prior to starting machines., Measure, mix, cut, shape, soften, and join materials and ingredients, such as powder, cornmeal, or rubber to prepare them for machine processing., Remove materials or products from molds or from extruding, forming, pressing, or compacting machines, and stack or store them for additional processing., Feed products into machines by hand or conveyor., Measure arbors and dies to verify sizes specified on work tickets., Thread extruded strips through water tanks and hold-down bars, or attach strands to wires and draw them through tubes., Complete work tickets, and place them with products., Disassemble equipment to repair it or to replace parts, such as nozzles, punches, and filters., Remove molds, mold components, and feeder tubes from machinery after production is complete., Swab molds with solutions to prevent products from sticking., Ignite burners to preheat products, or use torches to apply heat., Install, align, and adjust neck rings, press plungers, and feeder tubes..  They also know about using the following technology: Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Materials requirements planning logistics and supply chain software. Examples include Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Production scheduling software, SAP software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Air hoses, Blow torch, Burners, Cement or ceramic or glass or similar material molding machines, Extruders, Punching pliers, Bench scales, Calipers, Micrometers, Winding or reeling or spooling machines, Wrapping machinery, Air dryers, Templates, Lifts, Rulers, Presses, Pressure indicators, Power grinders, Forming machine, Cutting machines, Razor knives, Vulcanizing machines, Forklifts. For example, Air hoses, Blow torches, Burners, Compacting machines, Computer numerically controlled CNC Extruders, Core cutters, Digital bench scales, Digital calipers, Digital micrometers, Film winders, Forming machines, Glass forming machines, High speed wrapping machines, Hopper dryers, Laser micrometers, Machine templates, Microwave extruders, Plodder machines, Power lifts, Precision rulers, Pressing machines, Pressure gauges, Rubber extruders, Scrap grinders, Sheeters, Single screw extruders, Slitters, Trim grinders, Trim knives, Trim winders, Tuber machines, Twin-barrel extrusion machines, Vulcanizer presses, Wheeled forklifts. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Computers and Electronics, Mechanical to do their job well. They employ the following skills Monitoring, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Working with Computers, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Machinists, Industrial Machinery Mechanics, Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic, Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Extruding, Forming, Pressing, and Compacting Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
