"document"
"A Potters, Manufacturing is someone who Operate production machines such as pug mill, jigger machine, or potter's wheel to process clay in manufacture of ceramic, pottery and stoneware products. . The Potters, Manufacturing  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Operate gas or electric kilns to fire pottery pieces., Mix and apply glazes to pottery pieces, using tools, such as spray guns., Raise and shape clay into wares, such as vases and pitchers, on revolving wheels, using hands, fingers, and thumbs., Adjust wheel speeds according to the feel of the clay as pieces enlarge and walls become thinner., Position balls of clay in centers of potters' wheels, and start motors or pump treadles with feet to revolve wheels., Move pieces from wheels so that they can dry., Prepare work for sale or exhibition, and maintain relationships with retail, pottery, art, and resource networks that can facilitate sale or exhibition of work., Attach handles to pottery pieces., Press thumbs into centers of revolving clay to form hollows, and press on the inside and outside of emerging clay cylinders with hands and fingers, gradually raising and shaping clay to desired forms and sizes., Pack and ship pottery to stores or galleries for retail sale., Smooth surfaces of finished pieces, using rubber scrapers and wet sponges., Pull wires through bases of articles and wheels to separate finished pieces., Design spaces to display pottery for sale., Verify accuracy of shapes and sizes of objects, using calipers and templates., Examine finished ware for defects and measure dimensions, using rule and thickness gauge., Maintain supplies of tools, equipment, and materials, and order additional supplies as needed., Operate pug mills to blend and extrude clay., Perform test-fires of pottery to determine how to achieve specific colors and textures., Start machine units and conveyors and observe lights and gauges on panel board to verify operational efficiency., Operate drying chambers to dry or finish molded ceramic ware., Adjust pressures, temperatures, and trimming tool settings as required., Design clay forms and molds, and decorations for forms., Operate jigger machines to form ceramic ware, such as bowls, cups, plates, and saucers., Teach pottery classes..  They also know about using the following technology: Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Electronic mail software. Examples include Inventory control software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Air exhausters, Air compressors, Laboratory mills, Potters wheels for hand made ceramics, Clay or modeling tools, Kilns for firing ceramics, Extruders for modeling materials, Conveyor feeders, Calipers, Bench scales, Tongs, Drying cabinets or ovens, Masks or accessories, Power grinders, Hand sprayers, Protective gloves, Safety glasses, Notebook computers, Templates, Oxygen sensors, Personal computers, Rulers, Pyrometers, Scribers, Paint application system, Pull spring balances, Thickness measuring devices, Tile cutter, Triple beam balances. For example, Air cleaners, Air compressors, Ball mills, Banding wheels, Carving spatulas, Carving tools, Ceramics kilns, Clay cutters, Clay extruders, Clay mixers, Clay presses, Cleanup tools, Conveyor feeding systems, Dial calipers, Digital scales, Dipping tongs, Drying ovens, Dust masks, Electric kilns, Fettling knives, Gas kilns, Grinding wheels, Hake brushes, Handheld sprayers, Hole cutters, Insulated gloves, Kick wheels, Kiln glasses, Kiln gloves, Lace tools, Laptop computers, Layout templates, Mold trimming knives, Oxyprobes, Personal computers, Portable pottery wheels, Pottery molds, Pottery wheels, Precision rulers, Pug mills, Pyrometers, Raku tongs, Safety glasses, Scoring tools, Slab rollers, Slip trail applicators, Spray booths, Spring scales, Texturing brushes, Thickness gauges, Tile cutters, Triple beam balances. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Near Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Engineering and Technology, Design, Mechanical, Mathematics, Chemistry, Fine Arts to do their job well. They employ the following skills Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control. Their average day consists of the following activities Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Potters, Manufacturing occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Museum Technicians and Conservators, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Musicians and Singers, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Online Merchants. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 11.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 11.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Potters, Manufacturing. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
