"document"
"A Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders is someone who Set up, operate, or tend machines to crush, grind, or polish materials, such as coal, glass, grain, stone, food, or rubber. . The Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Observe operation of equipment to ensure continuity of flow, safety, and efficient operation, and to detect malfunctions., Examine materials, ingredients, or products, visually or with hands, to ensure conformance to established standards., Move controls to start, stop, or adjust machinery and equipment that crushes, grinds, polishes, or blends materials., Clean, adjust, and maintain equipment, using hand tools., Weigh or measure materials, ingredients, or products at specified intervals to ensure conformance to requirements., Read work orders to determine production specifications and information., Dislodge and clear jammed materials or other items from machinery and equipment, using hand tools., Tend accessory equipment, such as pumps and conveyors, to move materials or ingredients through production processes., Record data from operations, testing, and production on specified forms., Load materials into machinery and equipment, using hand tools., Clean work areas., Notify supervisors of needed repairs., Transfer materials, supplies, and products between work areas, using moving equipment and hand tools., Reject defective products and readjust equipment to eliminate problems., Inspect chains, belts, or scrolls for signs of wear., Test samples of materials or products to ensure compliance with specifications, using test equipment., Collect samples of materials or products for laboratory testing., Set mill gauges to specified fineness of grind., Mark bins as to types of mixtures stored., Turn valves to regulate the moisture contents of materials., Add or mix chemicals and ingredients for processing, using hand tools or other devices., Break mixtures to size, using picks..  They also know about using the following technology: Electronic mail software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software. Examples include Email software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Word, SAP software, Spreadsheet software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Ammeters, Weight measuring instrument accessories, Demolition hammers, Claw hammer, Pullers, Desktop computers, Dollies, Forklifts, Front end loaders, Grease guns, Hand trucks or accessories, Hold down clamps, Hole saws, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Squares, Locking pliers, Mallets, Slings, Tape measures, Wheel loaders, Track cranes, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Picks, Power drills, Power grinders, Pressure or steam cleaners, Ear plugs, Pry bars, Ratchets, Goggles, Razor knives, Socket sets, Utility knives, Wire brushes. For example, Adjustable wrenches, Ammeters, Belt scales, Chipping hammers, Claw hammers, Comealongs, Desktop computers, Dollies, Forklifts, Front end loaders, Grease guns, Handtrucks, Holding clamps, Hole cutters, Hole punches, Layout squares, Locking pliers, Mallets, Material-hoisting slings, Measuring tapes, Mini loaders, Overhead cranes, Personal computers, Phillips head screwdrivers, Picks, Power drills, Power grinders, Pressurized air cleaners, Protective ear plugs, Pry bars, Ratchets, Safety goggles, Scrapers, Socket wrench sets, Straight screwdrivers, Utility knives, Wire brushes. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Mechanical to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Monitoring, Instructing, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Quality Control Analysis, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Crane and Tower Operators, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Industrial Machinery Mechanics, Hazardous Materials Removal Workers, Machinists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Industrial Machinery Mechanics. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Crushing, Grinding, and Polishing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
