"document"
"A Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders is someone who Set up, operate, or tend machines that cut or slice materials, such as glass, stone, cork, rubber, tobacco, food, paper, or insulating material. . The Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Production Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Set up, operate, or tend machines that cut or slice materials, such as glass, stone, cork, rubber, tobacco, food, paper, or insulating material., Review work orders, blueprints, specifications, or job samples to determine components, settings, and adjustments for cutting and slicing machines., Examine, measure, and weigh materials or products to verify conformance to specifications, using measuring devices, such as rulers, micrometers, or scales., Press buttons, pull levers, or depress pedals to start and operate cutting and slicing machines., Start machines to verify setups, and make any necessary adjustments., Feed stock into cutting machines, onto conveyors, or under cutting blades, by threading, guiding, pushing, or turning handwheels., Monitor operation of cutting or slicing machines to detect malfunctions or to determine whether supplies need replenishment., Stack and sort cut material for packaging, further processing, or shipping, according to types and sizes of material., Adjust machine controls to alter position, alignment, speed, or pressure., Remove completed materials or products from cutting or slicing machines, and stack or store them for additional processing., Maintain production records, such as quantities, types, and dimensions of materials produced., Remove defective or substandard materials from machines, and readjust machine components so that products meet standards., Position stock along cutting lines, or against stops on beds of scoring or cutting machines., Move stock or scrap to and from machines manually, or by using carts, handtrucks, or lift trucks., Select and install machine components, such as cutting blades, rollers, and templates, according to specifications, using hand tools., Clean and lubricate cutting machines, conveyors, blades, saws, or knives, using steam hoses, scrapers, brushes, or oil cans., Operate cranes, or signal crane operators to position or remove stone from cars or saw beds., Mark cutting lines or identifying information on stock, using marking pencils, rulers, or scribes., Start pumps to circulate water and abrasives onto blades or cables during cutting., Type instructions on computer keyboards, push buttons to activate computer programs, or manually set cutting guides, clamps, and knives., Change or replace saw blades, cables, cutter heads, and grinding wheels, using hand tools., Position width gauge blocks between blades, and level blades and insert wedges into frames to secure blades to frames., Direct workers on cutting teams., Sharpen cutting blades, knives, or saws, using files, bench grinders, or honing stones., Turn cranks or press buttons to activate winches that move cars under sawing cables or saw frames., Tighten pulleys or add abrasives to maintain cutting speeds., Cut stock manually to prepare for machine cutting, using tools such as knives, cleavers, handsaws, or hammers and chisels., Wash stones, using water hoses..  They also know about using the following technology: Spreadsheet software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software. Examples include Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, SAP software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Automatic lathe or chucking machine, Bench grinder, Boring machines, Cleaning brushes, Cleaning scrapers, Milling machines, Belt conveyors, Power saws, Bench scales, Calipers, Micrometers, Cold chisels, Drill press or radial drill, Commercial use food slicers, Forklifts, Metal shearing machine, Saws, Sharpening stones or tools or kits, Hydraulic shears, Jib crane, Laser cutting machine, Squares, Scribers, Tape measures, Hammers, Screwdrivers, Oil can, Track cranes, Pallet trucks, Paper cutting machines or accessories, Personal computers, Plasma cutting machine, Precision file, Rulers, Special hoses, Trim press, Utility knives, Carts, Hand trucks or accessories. For example, Automatic chucking machines, Benchtop grinders, Boring mills, Cleaning brushes, Cleaning scrapers, Computer numerically controlled CNC cutting machines, Conveyor belt systems, Cutoff saws, Digital bench scales, Digital calipers, Digital micrometers, Flat cold chisels, Floor-mounted drill presses, Food slicing machines, Forklifts, Guillotines, Handsaws, Honing stones, Hydraulic cutters, I-beam jib cranes, Laser cutters, Layout squares, Marking scribes, Measuring tapes, Multipurpose hammers, Multipurpose screwdrivers, Oil dispensing cans, Overhead cranes, Pallet jacks, Paper cutting machines, Personal computers, Plasma cutters, Precision file sets, Precision rulers, Steam hoses, Trimming presses, Utility knives, Warehouse carts, Warehouse hand trucks. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Depth Perception. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Production and Processing, Mechanical, Mathematics to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Monitoring, Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Machinists, Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic, Model Makers, Metal and Plastic, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Tool and Die Makers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Machinists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Patternmakers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Model Makers, Metal and Plastic. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Cutting and Slicing Machine Setters, Operators, and Tenders. Next, you move to Tool and Die Makers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
