"document"
"A Aircraft Cargo Handling Supervisors is someone who Supervise and coordinate the activities of ground crew in the loading, unloading, securing, and staging of aircraft cargo or baggage. May determine the quantity and orientation of cargo and compute aircraft center of gravity. May accompany aircraft as member of flight crew and monitor and handle cargo in flight, and assist and brief passengers on safety and emergency procedures. Includes loadmasters. . The Aircraft Cargo Handling Supervisors  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Construction, Wholesale Trade, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Determine the quantity and orientation of cargo, and compute an aircraft's center of gravity., Direct ground crews in the loading, unloading, securing, or staging of aircraft cargo or baggage., Train new employees in areas such as safety procedures or equipment operation., Distribute cargo to maximize use of space., Calculate load weights for different aircraft compartments, using charts and computers., Accompany aircraft as a member of the flight crew to monitor and handle cargo in flight..  They also know about using the following technology: Inventory management software, Office suite software, Web page creation and editing software, Spreadsheet software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Materials requirements planning logistics and supply chain software. Examples include Cargo tracking system software, Corel WordPerfect Office Suite, Facebook, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Warehouse management system WMS, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Aircraft cargo handling equipment, Wheel chocks, Airplane baggage tug or tractor, Airfreight conveyor truck, Dollies, Ratchet tie down strap, Winches, Belt conveyors, Scanners, Desktop computers, Axle load scales, Two way radios, Pallet trucks, Floor or platform scales, Roller conveyors, Pry bars, Scissor lift or lift table, Ladders, Forklifts. For example, Aircraft loaders, Aircraft wheel chocks, Airplane baggage tuggers, Airport cargo conveyor trucks, Belt loader trucks, Cargo collection hoppers, Cargo dollies, Cargo tiedown straps, Cargo turntables, Cargo winches, Conveyor belt systems, Data input scanners, Desktop computers, Elevating transfer vehicles ETV, Forklift scales, Mobile radios, Pallet jacks, Pancake scales, Pipe roller conveyors, Programmable logic control PLC conveyor systems, Pry bars, Scissor lift trucks, Stepladders, Wheeled forklifts. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Speed of Closure, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Manual Dexterity, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Personnel and Human Resources, Transportation, Production and Processing, Computers and Electronics, Mathematics, Psychology, Geography, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security, Law and Government, Telecommunications to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Learning Strategies, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Instructing, Complex Problem Solving, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management, Management of Personnel Resources. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Performing Administrative Activities, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Aircraft Cargo Handling Supervisors occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Airfield Operations Specialists, First-Line Supervisors of Material-Moving Machine and Vehicle Operators, Forest and Conservation Technicians, First-Line Supervisors of Landscaping, Lawn Service, and Groundskeeping Workers, Forest Fire Inspectors and Prevention Specialists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
