"document"
"A Driver/Sales Workers is someone who Drive truck or other vehicle over established routes or within an established territory and sell or deliver goods, such as food products, including restaurant take-out items, or pick up or deliver items such as commercial laundry. May also take orders, collect payment, or stock merchandise at point of delivery. . The Driver/Sales Workers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Drive trucks to deliver such items as food, medical supplies, or newspapers., Inform regular customers of new products or services and price changes., Record sales or delivery information on daily sales or delivery record., Listen to and resolve customers' complaints regarding products or services., Collect money from customers, make change, and record transactions on customer receipts., Maintain trucks and food-dispensing equipment and clean inside of machines that dispense food or beverages., Arrange merchandise and sales promotion displays or issue sales promotion materials to customers., Collect coins from vending machines, refill machines, and remove aged merchandise., Write customer orders and sales contracts according to company guidelines., Review lists of dealers, customers, or station drops and load trucks., Sell food specialties, such as sandwiches and beverages, to office workers and patrons of sports events., Call on prospective customers to explain company services or to solicit new business..  They also know about using the following technology: Project management software, Inventory management software, Map creation software, Communications server software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Data base user interface and query software. Examples include bMobile Technology Route Manager, bMobile Technology Sales, Computer Directions Route Sales Tracker, GEOCOMtms A.Maze Planning, IBM Domino, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, MobiTech Systems Route Sales Trakker, Regulussoft Route Accounting, Route planning software, Soft Essentials Vending Essentials. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Bar code reader equipment, Delivery trucks, Dollies, Portable data input terminals, Laser fax machine, Laser printers, Pallet trucks, Personal computers, Scanners. For example, Barcode scanners, Delivery trucks, Delivery vans, Dollies, Handheld computers, Laser facsimile machines, Laser printers, Pallet movers, Personal computers, Propane delivery trucks, Scanners. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Control Precision, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Transportation, Production and Processing, Food Production to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Driver/Sales Workers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers, Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Cooks, Private Household, Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians, Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
