"document"
"A Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers is someone who Drive a tractor-trailer combination or a truck with a capacity of at least 26,001 pounds Gross Vehicle Weight (GVW). May be required to unload truck. Requires commercial drivers' license. Includes tow truck drivers. . The Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Check all load-related documentation for completeness and accuracy., Inspect loads to ensure that cargo is secure., Check vehicles to ensure that mechanical, safety, and emergency equipment is in good working order., Crank trailer landing gear up or down to safely secure vehicles., Obtain receipts or signatures for delivered goods and collect payment for services when required., Maintain logs of working hours or of vehicle service or repair status, following applicable state and federal regulations., Read bills of lading to determine assignment details., Report vehicle defects, accidents, traffic violations, or damage to the vehicles., Perform basic vehicle maintenance tasks, such as adding oil, fuel, or radiator fluid, performing minor repairs, or washing trucks., Couple or uncouple trailers by changing trailer jack positions, connecting or disconnecting air or electrical lines, or manipulating fifth-wheel locks., Maneuver trucks into loading or unloading positions, following signals from loading crew and checking that vehicle and loading equipment are properly positioned., Collect delivery instructions from appropriate sources, verifying instructions and routes., Drive trucks with capacities greater than 13 tons, including tractor-trailer combinations, to transport and deliver products, livestock, or other materials., Read and interpret maps to determine vehicle routes., Check conditions of trailers after contents have been unloaded to ensure that there has been no damage., Operate equipment, such as truck cab computers, CB radios, phones, or global positioning systems (GPS) equipment to exchange necessary information with bases, supervisors, or other drivers., Drive trucks to weigh stations before and after loading and along routes in compliance with state regulations., Load or unload trucks or help others with loading or unloading, using special loading-related equipment or other equipment as necessary., Plan or adjust routes based on changing conditions, using computer equipment, global positioning systems (GPS) equipment, or other navigation devices, to minimize fuel consumption and carbon emissions., Perform emergency roadside repairs, such as changing tires or installing light bulbs, tire chains, or spark plugs., Remove debris from loaded trailers., Secure cargo for transport, using ropes, blocks, chain, binders, or covers., Follow appropriate safety procedures for transporting dangerous goods., Inventory and inspect goods to be moved to determine quantities and conditions., Follow special cargo-related procedures, such as checking refrigeration systems for frozen foods or providing food or water for livestock., Install or remove special equipment, such as tire chains, grader blades, plow blades, or sanders., Wrap and secure goods using pads, packing paper, containers, or straps., Operate idle reduction systems or auxiliary power systems to generate power from alternative sources, such as fuel cells, to reduce idling time, to heat or cool truck cabins, or to provide power for other equipment., Give directions to laborers who are packing goods and moving them onto trailers., Operate trucks equipped with snowplows or sander attachments to maintain roads in winter weather., Drive electric or hybrid-electric powered trucks or alternative fuel-powered trucks to transport and deliver products, livestock, or other materials..  They also know about using the following technology: Word processing software, Time accounting software, Route navigation software, Inventory management software, Data base user interface and query software, Desktop communications software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Operating system software, Analytical or scientific software, Materials requirements planning logistics and supply chain software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Video creation and editing software. Examples include 3M Post-it App, ADP ezLaborManager, ALK Technologies PC*Miler, Computerized inventory tracking software, ddlsoftware.com drivers daily log program DDL, Eko, Evernote, Fog Line Software Truckn Pro, Inventory tracking software, MarcoSoft Quo Vadis, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Omnitracs Performance Monitoring, PeopleNet, SAP software, TruckersHelper, YouTube. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Tower cranes, Air compressors, Blocks or pulleys, Track cranes, Hoists, Mobile phones, Dump trucks, Hand trucks or accessories, Cargo trucks, Forklifts, Two way radios, Global positioning system GPS receiver, Bar code reader equipment, Lifts, Laser fax machine, Flatbed trailers, Notebook computers, Thin client computers, Personal digital assistant PDAs or organizers, Snowplow attachments, Container trailers, Concrete transport truck, Sludge or sewage handling trucks, Location based messaging service platforms, Scanners, Trailer hitches, Telescoping boom lift, Delivery trucks, Wheel loaders, Winches. For example, 4-ranger tower trucks, Air compressors, Blocks and tackle, Boom trucks, Cargo hoists, Cell phones, Dump trucks, Electric handtrucks, Flatbed trucks, Forklifts, Frequency modulation FM two way radios, Front load dumpsters, Global positioning system GPS devices, Global positioning system GPS receivers, Handheld bar code scanners, Handlifts, Handtrucks, Hydraulic lifts, Johnson bars, Laser facsimile machines, Lowboy trailers, Manual lifts, Notebook computers, On-board computers, Order picker clamp trucks, Personal digital assistants PDA, Plow attachments, Pup trailers, Ready mix trucks, Refuse collection trucks, Satellite linkup systems, Scanners, Sliding fifth wheels, Sliding tandem axles, Telescoping boom trucks, Three-point hitches, Tilt trailers, Trucks greater than 26000 pounds, Two way radios, Wheel loaders, Winches. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Category Flexibility, Spatial Orientation, Visualization, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Near Vision, Far Vision, Peripheral Vision, Depth Perception, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Transportation, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Monitoring, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Crane and Tower Operators, Signal and Track Switch Repairers, Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 7.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 7.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Heavy and Tractor-Trailer Truck Drivers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. "
