"document"
"A Ambulance Drivers and Attendants, Except Emergency Medical Technicians is someone who Drive ambulance or assist ambulance driver in transporting sick, injured, or convalescent persons. Assist in lifting patients. . The Ambulance Drivers and Attendants, Except Emergency Medical Technicians  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Remove and replace soiled linens or equipment to maintain sanitary conditions., Drive ambulances or assist ambulance drivers in transporting sick, injured, or convalescent persons., Report facts concerning accidents or emergencies to hospital personnel or law enforcement officials., Place patients on stretchers, and load stretchers into ambulances, usually with assistance from other attendants., Accompany and assist emergency medical technicians on calls., Replace supplies and disposable items on ambulances., Perform minor maintenance on emergency medical services vehicles, such as ambulances., Clean and wash rigs, ambulances, or equipment., Earn and maintain appropriate certifications., Administer first aid, such as bandaging, splinting, or administering oxygen., Restrain or shackle violent patients..  They also know about using the following technology: Helpdesk or call center software, Map creation software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software. Examples include Computer aided dispatch software, Mapping software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Spreadsheet software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Ambulances, Blood pressure recording units, Desktop computers, Gurneys or scissor lifts, Medical acoustic stethoscopes, Special purpose telephones, Oxygen therapy delivery system products, Patient stabilization or fall prevention devices, Mobile medical services litter, Personal computers, Surgical isolation or surgical masks, Protective gloves, Orthopedic splint systems, Goggles, Two way radios, Wheelchairs. For example, Ambulances, Blood pressure recorders, Desktop computers, Gurneys, Mechanical stethoscopes, Multi-line telephone systems, Oxygen administration equipment, Patient restraints, Patient stretchers, Personal computers, Protective face shields, Protective gloves, Rigid splints, Safety goggles, Two way radios, Wheelchairs. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Spatial Orientation, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Administrative, Customer and Personal Service, Transportation, Psychology, Medicine and Dentistry, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security, Law and Government to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Social Perceptiveness, Instructing, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Training and Teaching Others, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Ambulance Drivers and Attendants, Except Emergency Medical Technicians occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Forensic Science Technicians, Embalmers, Nursing Assistants, Transit and Railroad Police, Occupational Therapy Aides. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
