"document"
"A Bus Drivers, Transit and Intercity is someone who Drive bus or motor coach, including regular route operations, charters, and private carriage. May assist passengers with baggage. May collect fares or tickets. . The Bus Drivers, Transit and Intercity  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Drive vehicles over specified routes or to specified destinations according to time schedules, complying with traffic regulations to ensure that passengers have a smooth and safe ride., Park vehicles at loading areas so that passengers can board., Inspect vehicles and check gas, oil, and water levels prior to departure., Announce stops to passengers., Assist passengers, such as elderly or disabled individuals, on and off bus, ensure they are seated properly, help carry baggage, and answer questions about bus schedules or routes., Collect tickets or cash fares from passengers., Handle passenger emergencies or disruptions., Report delays or accidents., Advise passengers to be seated and orderly while on vehicles., Regulate heating, lighting, and ventilating systems for passenger comfort., Record information, such as cash receipts and ticket fares, and maintain log book., Maintain cleanliness of bus or motor coach., Read maps to plan bus routes., Load and unload baggage in baggage compartments., Make minor repairs to vehicle and change tires..  They also know about using the following technology: Map creation software, Operating system software, Internet browser software. Examples include AOL MapQuest, Microsoft MapPoint, Microsoft Windows, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Automotive hydraulic systems, Mobile phones, Security cameras, Informational signs, Mobile medical services first aid kits, Grease guns, Minibuses, Busses, Minivans or vans, Fire extinguishers, Automotive doors, Public address systems, Lifts, Tablet computers, Tire pressure gauge, Two way radios, Wheelchair accessories. For example, Bus kneeling systems, Cell phones, Digital surveillance camera systems, Electronic destination signs, Emergency first-aid kits, Lube guns, Minibuses, Passenger buses, Passenger vans, Portable fire extinguishers, Powered service doors, Public address PA systems, Rear lifts, Tablet computers, Tire pressure gauges, Two way radios, Wheelchair lifts, Wheelchair restraint systems. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Spatial Orientation, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Near Vision, Far Vision, Peripheral Vision, Depth Perception, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Transportation, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Performing General Physical Activities, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Bus Drivers, Transit and Intercity occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Crane and Tower Operators, Compliance Officers, Bailiffs, Camera Operators, Television, Video, and Film, Library Technicians. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
