"document"
"A Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers is someone who Operate or monitor railroad track switches or locomotive instruments. May couple or uncouple rolling stock to make up or break up trains. Watch for and relay traffic signals. May inspect couplings, air hoses, journal boxes, and hand brakes. May watch for dragging equipment or obstacles on rights-of-way. . The Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Observe train signals along routes and verify their meanings for engineers., Signal locomotive engineers to start or stop trains when coupling or uncoupling cars, using hand signals, lanterns, or radio communication., Pull or push track switches to reroute cars., Observe signals from other crew members so that work activities can be coordinated., Monitor trains as they go around curves to detect dragging equipment and smoking journal boxes., Inspect couplings, air hoses, journal boxes, and handbrakes to ensure that they are securely fastened and functioning properly., Observe tracks from left sides of locomotives to detect obstructions on tracks., Operate locomotives in emergency situations., Raise levers to couple and uncouple cars for makeup and breakup of trains., Climb ladders to tops of cars to set brakes., Receive oral or written instructions from yardmasters or yard conductors indicating track assignments and cars to be switched., Inspect locomotives to detect damaged or worn parts., Signal other workers to set brakes and to throw track switches when switching cars from trains to way stations., Check to see that trains are equipped with supplies such as fuel, water, and sand., Monitor oil, temperature, and pressure gauges on dashboards to determine if engines are operating safely and efficiently., Set flares, flags, lanterns, or torpedoes in front and at rear of trains during emergency stops to warn oncoming trains., Inspect tracks, cars, and engines for defects and to determine service needs, sending engines and cars for repairs as necessary., Start diesel engines to warm engines before runs., Make minor repairs to couplings, air hoses, and journal boxes, using hand tools., Connect air hoses to cars, using wrenches., Operate and drive locomotives, diesel switch engines, dinkey engines, flatcars, and railcars in train yards and at industrial sites., Refuel and lubricate engines., Ride atop cars that have been shunted, and turn handwheels to control speeds or stop cars at specified positions., Adjust controls to regulate air-conditioning, heating, and lighting on trains for comfort of passengers., Record numbers of cars available, numbers of cars sent to repair stations, and types of service needed., Provide passengers with assistance entering and exiting trains., Answer questions from passengers concerning train rules, stations, and timetable information., Conduct brake tests to determine the condition of brakes on trains..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Expert system software, Route navigation software, Time accounting software. Examples include Electronic train management system software, Electronic train management systems ETMS, Route mapping software, Time tracking software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Accelerometers, Safety horns, Pressure indicators, Rail switching systems, Battery hydrometer, Wheel chocks, Winches, Circuit breakers, Ammeters, Pilot valves, Heavy rail turnout switch, Desktop computers, Diesel freight locomotives, Diesel generators, Electric freight locomotives, Scaffolding, Fire extinguishers, Train braking systems, Rail couplers, Electrical control panels for generators, Voltage or current meters, Two way radios, Oil gauges, Screwdrivers, Safety glasses, Freight rail cars, Railway or tramway maintenance or service vehicle, Safety vests, Protective gloves, Flags or accessories, Flares, Kerosene or propane or natural gas or butane lantern, Specialty wrenches, Speedometers, Steam engines, Safety boots, Temperature gauge. For example, Accelerometers, Air horns, Air pressure gauges, Automatic track switching systems, Battery gauges, Buffer stops, Car pullers, Circuit breakers, Clamp-on ammeters, Cut-off valves, Derailers, Desktop computers, Diesel freight engines, Diesel powered freight engines, Diesel powered generators, Diesel switch engines, Diesel-electric freight engines, Dinkey engines, Dinky engines, Dock boards, Dry chemical fire extinguishers, Dynamic braking systems, Electric freight engines, Electric powered freight engines, Equipment couplers, Freight car air brakes, Gas turbine-electric freight engines, Generator electrical control panels, Ground throw switches, Hand brakes, Load current indicating meters, Locomotive airbrakes, Locomotive wheel chocks, Manual rail switches, Mobile radios, Mobile scaffolding, Oil pressure gauges, Philips head screwdrivers, Protective glasses, Rail cargo cars, Rail flaw detection machines, Rail flaw detector cars, Railroad track switches, Reflective vests, Remote control locomotives, Safety air horns, Safety gloves, Signal flags, Signal flares, Signaling lanterns, Specialty wrench sets, Speed gauges, Steam powered train engines, Steam pressure gauges, Steel toe boots, Steel-toes boots, Straight screwdrivers, Switch handles, Temperature gauges, Track switches, Track switching systems. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Perceptual Speed, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Depth Perception, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Transportation, Mechanical, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Monitoring, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Crane and Tower Operators, Signal and Track Switch Repairers, Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door, Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists, Ship Engineers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Computer and Information Research Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Computer Network Support Specialists. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Signal and Track Switch Repairers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Railroad Brake, Signal, and Switch Operators and Locomotive Firers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. "
