"document"
"A Subway and Streetcar Operators is someone who Operate subway or elevated suburban trains with no separate locomotive, or electric-powered streetcar, to transport passengers. May handle fares. . The Subway and Streetcar Operators  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Monitor lights indicating obstructions or other trains ahead and watch for car and truck traffic at crossings to stay alert to potential hazards., Operate controls to open and close transit vehicle doors., Drive and control rail-guided public transportation, such as subways, elevated trains, and electric-powered streetcars, trams, or trolleys, to transport passengers., Report delays, mechanical problems, and emergencies to supervisors or dispatchers, using radios., Regulate vehicle speed and the time spent at each stop to maintain schedules., Make announcements to passengers, such as notifications of upcoming stops or schedule delays., Direct emergency evacuation procedures., Complete reports, including shift summaries and incident or accident reports., Greet passengers, provide information, and answer questions concerning fares, schedules, transfers, and routings., Attend meetings on driver and passenger safety to learn ways in which job performance might be affected., Collect fares from passengers, and issue change and transfers., Record transactions and coin receptor readings to verify the amount of money collected..  They also know about using the following technology: Office suite software, Word processing software. Examples include Microsoft Office software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Intercom systems, Train braking systems, Diesel passenger locomotives, Door openers, Electric passenger locomotives, Public address systems, Fire extinguishers, Two way radios, Train defrosting or defogging systems, Streetcars or tramway cars, Rail switching systems, Vehicle horns, Wheelchair ramps. For example, Customer-to-operator two-way communication systems, Deadman pedals, Diesel powered train engines, Door opening controls, Electric train engines, In-train public address systems, Multipurpose fire extinguishers, Portable two way radios, Railcar defrosting systems, Streetcars, Track switches, Trolley bell foot pedals, Trolleys, Wheelchair exit or entrance ramps, Whistle pulls. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Depth Perception, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention, Sound Localization, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Transportation, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Service Orientation, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Performing General Physical Activities, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Training and Teaching Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Subway and Streetcar Operators occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Crane and Tower Operators, Compliance Officers, Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics, Nursing Assistants, Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
