"document"
"A Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels is someone who Command or supervise operations of ships and water vessels, such as tugboats and ferryboats. Required to hold license issued by U.S. Coast Guard. . The Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Direct courses and speeds of ships, based on specialized knowledge of local winds, weather, water depths, tides, currents, and hazards., Prevent ships under navigational control from engaging in unsafe operations., Serve as a vessel's docking master upon arrival at a port or at a berth., Consult maps, charts, weather reports, or navigation equipment to determine and direct ship movements., Steer and operate vessels, using radios, depth finders, radars, lights, buoys, or lighthouses., Operate ship-to-shore radios to exchange information needed for ship operations., Dock or undock vessels, sometimes maneuvering through narrow spaces, such as locks., Stand watches on vessels during specified periods while vessels are under way., Inspect vessels to ensure efficient and safe operation of vessels and equipment and conformance to regulations., Read gauges to verify sufficient levels of hydraulic fluid, air pressure, or oxygen., Report to appropriate authorities any violations of federal or state pilotage laws., Provide assistance in maritime rescue operations., Signal passing vessels, using whistles, flashing lights, flags, or radios., Measure depths of water, using depth-measuring equipment., Signal crew members or deckhands to rig tow lines, open or close gates or ramps, or pull guard chains across entries., Maintain boats or equipment on board, such as engines, winches, navigational systems, fire extinguishers, or life preservers., Maintain records of daily activities, personnel reports, ship positions and movements, ports of call, weather and sea conditions, pollution control efforts, or cargo or passenger status., Advise ships' masters on harbor rules and customs procedures., Observe loading or unloading of cargo or equipment to ensure that handling and storage are performed according to specifications., Calculate sightings of land, using electronic sounding devices and following contour lines on charts., Learn to operate new technology systems and procedures through instruction, simulators, or models., Direct or coordinate crew members or workers performing activities such as loading or unloading cargo, steering vessels, operating engines, or operating, maintaining, or repairing ship equipment., Arrange for ships to be fueled, restocked with supplies, or repaired., Supervise crews in cleaning or maintaining decks, superstructures, or bridges., Purchase supplies or equipment., Tow and maneuver barges or signal tugboats to tow barges to destinations., Perform various marine duties, such as checking for oil spills or other pollutants around ports or harbors or patrolling beaches., Assign watches or living quarters to crew members., Interview and hire crew members., Conduct safety drills such as man overboard or fire drills..  They also know about using the following technology: Operating system software, Computer aided design CAD software, Facilities management software, Route navigation software, Analytical or scientific software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Calendar and scheduling software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Word processing software, Materials requirements planning logistics and supply chain software. Examples include Apple macOS, Autodesk Revit, Computerized maintenance management system CMMS, FURUNO navigational chart software, Groundwater modeling system GMS, Jeppesen Marine Nobeltec Admiral, JRC navigation software, KNMI TurboWin, Log book software, Maptech The CAPN, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office Outlook, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Word, Navigational chart software, SHIPNEXT. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Ladders, Anchor lines, Vehicle navigation systems, Bolt cutters, Marine craft communications systems, Cargo or container ships, Fire suppression system, Hoists, Centrifugal pumps, Tankers, Claw hammer, Loading equipment, Open end wrenches, Cruise ships, Desktop computers, Vehicular global positioning system GPS, Compasses, Triangles, Fire extinguishers, Depth gauges, Bridge cranes, Winches, Telegraph sounders, Anchor rollers, Fire pump sets, Gas generators, Sonars, Passenger or automobile ferries, Alarm systems, Fire retardant apparel, Mobile medical services first aid kits, Gear pumps, Gyroscopic instruments, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Insulated or flotation suits, Notebook computers, Life rings, Life vests or preservers, Lifeboats or liferafts, Lifts, Slings, Rope float lines, Locking pliers, Aircraft guidance systems, Direction finding compasses, Manlift or personnel lift, Light enhancing cameras or vision devices, Plotter printers, Straight edges, Personal computers, Pipe wrenches, Flares, Two way radios, Radio navigation instruments, Rescue ships or boats, Mobile medical services cinch rescue loops, Respirators, Rotary pumps, Safety harnesses or belts, Safety glasses, Safety helmets, Fall protection lanyard, Screw Pumps, Marine signaling systems, Sextants, Sharpening stones or tools or kits, Blocks or pulleys, Anchor chocks, Radarbased surveillance systems, Spanner wrenches, Binoculars, Insulated clothing for cold environments, Tug boats, Anemometers, Bench vises. For example, Accommodation ladder, Anchors, Automatic radar plotting aids ARPA, Bolt cutters, Bridge to bridge radiotelephones, Bulk carriers, Carbon dioxide CO2 fire extinguishing systems, Carbon dioxide CO2 flooding systems, Cargo derricks, Centrifugal cargo pumps, Chain cargo falls, Chemical tankers, Claw hammers, Container lift trucks, Container ships, Crescent wrenches, Cruise ships, Desktop computers, Differential global positioning satellite DGPS positioning systems, Differential global positioning systems DGPS, Dividers, Drafting triangles, Dry chemical fire extinguishers, Dynamic positioning DP systems, Echo sounders, Electric deck cranes, Electric mooring winches, Electric telegraphs, Electric windlasses, Electronic chart display and information systems ECDIS, Emergency fire pumps, Emergency generators, Fathometer sonar equipment, Ferries, Fire alarm switches, Fire pumps, Firefighting suits, First aid kits, Fixed fire suppression systems, Foam fire extinguishers, Foam fire extinguishing systems, Gantry cranes, Gear pumps, Global Navigation Satellite System GNSS, Global positioning systems GPS, Grabbing cranes, Gyrocompasses, Hand capstans, Hand punches, Hand windlasses, High frequency HF radiotelephone systems, Hydraulic capstans, Hydraulic deck cranes, Hydraulic mooring winches, Hydraulic windlasses, Immersion suits, Integrated bridge systems, Laptop computers, Life buoys, Life jackets, Life rafts, Life vests, Lifeboat davits, Lifting slings, Lifting spreaders, Line throwing appliances, Locking jaw pliers, Long range navigation LORAN systems, Long range navigation LORAN-C systems, Magnet hoists, Magnetic compasses, Manual winches, Mechanical pilot hoists, Mechanical telegraphs, Mooring cables, Mooring chains, Mooring lines, Mooring winches, Natural fiber mooring ropes, Navigational compasses, Night vision binoculars, Oil tanker ships, Parallel plotters, Parallel rules, Personal computers, Pilot ladders, Pipe wrenches, Portable carbon dioxide fire extinguishers, Portable dry chemical fire extinguishers, Portable water fire extinguishers, Pyrotechnic distress signals, Radio communications system, Radio direction finders RDF, Rescue boats, Rescue slings, Respirators, Rotary displacement pumps, Safety belts, Safety glasses, Safety harnesses, Safety helmets, Safety lanyards, Screw displacement pump, Screw displacement pumps, Semaphores, Sextants, Sharpening steels, Sheave blocks, Ship alarm systems, Ship anchor chocks, Ship's whistles, Ship-to-shore radios, Shipboard radar, Signal flags, Signal light controls, Signal lights, Sounding rods, Sounding tapes, Spanner wrenches, Spanners, Steam winches, Steering control systems, Surveillance binoculars, Synthetic mooring ropes, Thermal protective aids TPA, Totally enclosed motor propelled survival craft TEMPSC, Tugboats, Two way radios, Ultra high frequency UHF radiotelephone systems, Very high frequency VHF radiotelephone system, Very high frequency VHF radiotelephone systems, Very high frequency VHF radiotelephones, Voice pipes, Voyage management systems VMS, Water mist systems, Wind gauges, WING GAUGES, Workshop vises. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Speed of Closure, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Spatial Orientation, Visualization, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Depth Perception, Glare Sensitivity, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Transportation, Mechanical, Geography, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security, Law and Government to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Instructing, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management, Management of Personnel Resources. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others, Providing Consultation and Advice to Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers, Fish and Game Wardens, Transportation Inspectors, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Biomass Power Plant Managers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 13.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 13.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Nurse Practitioners. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Fish and Game Wardens. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Natural Sciences Managers. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Captains, Mates, and Pilots of Water Vessels. Next, you move to Biomass Power Plant Managers. The journey culminates with Architects, Except Landscape and Naval. "
