"document"
"A Sailors and Marine Oilers is someone who Stand watch to look for obstructions in path of vessel, measure water depth, turn wheel on bridge, or use emergency equipment as directed by captain, mate, or pilot. Break out, rig, overhaul, and store cargo-handling gear, stationary rigging, and running gear. Perform a variety of maintenance tasks to preserve the painted surface of the ship and to maintain line and ship equipment. Must hold government-issued certification and tankerman certification when working aboard liquid-carrying vessels. Includes able seamen and ordinary seamen. . The Sailors and Marine Oilers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Construction, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Tie barges together into tow units for tugboats to handle, inspecting barges periodically during voyages and disconnecting them when destinations are reached., Attach hoses and operate pumps to transfer substances to and from liquid cargo tanks., Handle lines to moor vessels to wharfs, to tie up vessels to other vessels, or to rig towing lines., Read pressure and temperature gauges or displays and record data in engineering logs., Stand watch in ships' bows or bridge wings to look for obstructions in a ship's path or to locate navigational aids, such as buoys or lighthouses., Maintain government-issued certifications, as required., Examine machinery to verify specified pressures or lubricant flows., Maintain a ship's engines under the direction of the ship's engineering officers., Break out, rig, and stow cargo-handling gear, stationary rigging, or running gear., Lubricate machinery, equipment, or engine parts, such as gears, shafts, or bearings., Lower and man lifeboats when emergencies occur., Sweep, mop, and wash down decks to remove oil, dirt, and debris, using brooms, mops, brushes, and hoses., Splice and repair ropes, wire cables, or cordage, using marlinespikes, wire cutters, twine, and hand tools., Load or unload materials, vehicles, or passengers from vessels., Chip and clean rust spots on decks, superstructures, or sides of ships, using wire brushes and hand or air chipping machines., Provide engineers with assistance in repairing or adjusting machinery., Operate, maintain, or repair ship equipment, such as winches, cranes, derricks, or weapons system., Paint or varnish decks, superstructures, lifeboats, or sides of ships., Give directions to crew members engaged in cleaning wheelhouses or quarterdecks., Stand by wheels when ships are on automatic pilot, and verify accuracy of courses, using magnetic compasses., Steer ships under the direction of commanders or navigating officers or direct helmsmen to steer, following designated courses., Relay specified signals to other ships, using visual signaling devices, such as blinker lights or semaphores., Overhaul lifeboats or lifeboat gear and lower or raise lifeboats with winches or falls., Stand gangway watches to prevent unauthorized persons from boarding ships while in port., Record data in ships' logs, such as weather conditions or distances traveled., Measure depth of water in shallow or unfamiliar waters, using leadlines, and telephone or shout depth information to vessel bridges., Clean and polish wood trim, brass, or other metal parts., Participate in shore patrols..  They also know about using the following technology: Facilities management software, Data base user interface and query software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Operating system software, Word processing software. Examples include Computerized maintenance management system CMMS, KNMI TurboWin, Kongsberg Maritime K-Log Deck Logbook, Log book software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Operating system software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Power chippers, Insulated or flotation suits, Dewatering pumps, Marine signaling systems, Bolt cutters, Marine craft communications systems, Fire suppression system, Forklift or elevator accessories or supplies, Hoists, Lifting hooks, Centrifugal pumps, Fans, Demolition hammers, Claw hammer, Loading equipment, Open end wrenches, Desktop computers, Bridge cranes, Winches, Telegraph sounders, Anchor rollers, Gas generators, Radio navigation instruments, Alarm systems, Explosimeters, Fids, Masks or accessories, Fire hoses or nozzles, Forklifts, Eye bolts, Gear pumps, Grease guns, Gyroscopic instruments, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Life rings, Life vests or preservers, Lifts, Lifeboats or liferafts, Slings, Material handling hoses, Locking pliers, Direction finding compasses, Cold chisels, Anchor lines, Oil can, Personal computers, Ladders, Pipe wrenches, Fire extinguishers, Gas detectors, Flares, Radarbased surveillance systems, Ratchets, Reciprocating pumps, Respirators, Pawls, Safety harnesses or belts, Safety glasses, Safety helmets, Fall protection lanyard, Sewing needles, Sharpening stones or tools or kits, Blocks or pulleys, Anchor chocks, Depth gauges, Spanner wrenches, Insulated clothing for cold environments, Two way radios, Spot welding machine, Wire cutters, Cable splicing kits, Bench vises. For example, Air chippers, Anti-exposure coveralls, Bilge pumping systems, Blinker lights, Bolt cutters, Bridge telephones, Carbon dioxide CO2 firefighting systems, Cargo booms, Cargo derricks, Cargo hooks, Centrifugal cargo pumps, Centrifugal ventilators, Chain cargo falls, Chipping hammers, Claw hammers, Container lift trucks, Crescent wrenches, Desktop computers, Electric deck cranes, Electric mooring winches, Electric telegraphs, Electric windlasses, Emergency generators, Emergency position-indicating radio beacons, Engine room alarm systems, Explosimeters, Fids, Filter masks, Fire hoses, Foam firefighting systems, Forklifts, Galvanized thimbles, Gear pumps, Grabbing cranes, Grease dispensing guns, Gyrocompasses, Hand capstans, Hand punches, Hand windlasses, Hydraulic capstans, Hydraulic deck cranes, Hydraulic mooring winches, Hydraulic windlasses, Life buoys, Life jackets, Life rings, Lifeboat davits, Lifeboats, Lifting slings, Lifting spreaders, Liquid cargo transfer hoses, Locking jaw pliers, Magnet hoists, Magnetic compasses, Manual winches, Mechanical telegraphs, Metal chisels, Mooring cables, Mooring chains, Natural fiber mooring ropes, Oil dispensing cans, Personal computers, Pilot ladders, Pipe wrenches, Portable fire extinguishers, Portable gas detectors, Pyrotechnic distress signals, Radar navigation systems, Radio direction finders RDF, Ratchet sets, Reciprocating pumps, Respirators, Riding pawls, Safety belts, Safety glasses, Safety helmets, Safety lanyards, Semaphores, Sewing needles, Sharpening steels, Sheave blocks, Ship alarm systems, Ship anchor chocks, Signal flags, Sounding rods, Sounding tapes, Spanner wrenches, Steam winches, Synthetic mooring ropes, Tank level gauges, Thermal protective aids TPA, Two way radios, Voice pipes, Welders, Wire cutters, Wire splicers, Workshop vises. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Time Sharing, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Gross Body Equilibrium, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Depth Perception, Glare Sensitivity, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Mechanical, Education and Training to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Sailors and Marine Oilers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Commercial Divers, Hazardous Materials Removal Workers, Ship Engineers, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 6.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 6.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Commercial Divers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Sailors and Marine Oilers. Next, you move to Bus and Truck Mechanics and Diesel Engine Specialists. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. "
