"document"
"A Ship Engineers is someone who Supervise and coordinate activities of crew engaged in operating and maintaining engines, boilers, deck machinery, and electrical, sanitary, and refrigeration equipment aboard ship. . The Ship Engineers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Construction, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Start engines to propel ships, and regulate engines and power transmissions to control speeds of ships, according to directions from captains or bridge computers., Maintain or repair engines, electric motors, pumps, winches, or other mechanical or electrical equipment, or assist other crew members with maintenance or repair duties., Perform or participate in emergency drills, as required., Monitor engine, machinery, or equipment indicators when vessels are underway, and report abnormalities to appropriate shipboard staff., Maintain complete records of engineering department activities, including machine operations., Perform general marine vessel maintenance or repair work, such as repairing leaks, finishing interiors, refueling, or maintaining decks., Maintain electrical power, heating, ventilation, refrigeration, water, or sewerage systems., Monitor and test operations of engines or other equipment so that malfunctions and their causes can be identified., Monitor the availability, use, or condition of lifesaving equipment or pollution preventatives to ensure that international regulations are followed., Install engine controls, propeller shafts, or propellers., Record orders for changes in ship speed or direction, and note gauge readings or test data, such as revolutions per minute or voltage output, in engineering logs or bellbooks., Clean engine parts and keep engine rooms clean., Operate or maintain off-loading liquid pumps or valves., Supervise marine engine technicians engaged in the maintenance or repair of mechanical or electrical marine vessels, and inspect their work to ensure that it is performed properly., Order and receive engine room stores, such as oil or spare parts, maintain inventories, and record usage of supplies., Fabricate engine replacement parts, such as valves, stay rods, or bolts, using metalworking machinery., Act as a liaison between a ship's captain and shore personnel to ensure that schedules and budgets are maintained and that the ship is operated safely and efficiently..  They also know about using the following technology: Operating system software, Helpdesk or call center software, Facilities management software, Customer relationship management CRM software, Enterprise application integration software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Data base user interface and query software, Document management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Presentation software, Project management software, Word processing software, Industrial control software. Examples include Apple macOS, Computer aided dispatch software, Computerized maintenance management system CMMS, Customer relationship management CRM software, Damen DAMOS, Electronic data interchange EDI software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Kongsberg Maritime K-LOG Electronic Logbooks, Marine Software Marine Planned Maintenance, Marine Software Marine Safety Manager, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Project, Microsoft Word, Oracle Database, Salesforce software, SAP software, Wonderware software, Word processing software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Hacksaw, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Allen wrench, Tinners snips, Ball peen hammer, Water pumps, Claw hammer, Sump pumps, Electric boilers, Open end wrenches, Box end wrenches, Welder torch, Strain gauges, Hex keys, Cold chisels, Mallets, Screwdrivers, Combination pliers, Combination wrenches, Condensing units, Evaporative coolers, Cross and straight pein hammer, Sledge hammer, Curved nose pliers, Diagonal cut pliers, Dial indicator or dial gauge, Diesel engines, Depth gauges, Micrometers, Multimeters, Power sanders, Flat hand file, Flat nose pliers, Power drills, Commercial water heaters, Feeler gauges, Wire brushes, Fire suppression system, Mobile medical services first aid kits, Power flaring tool, Fuel pumps, Plasma cutting machine, Gas generators, Turbine engines, Pullers, Tracer or duplicating or contouring lathe, Longnose pliers, Inspection mirror, Stationary separation equipment or parts or screens, Hammers, Power chippers, Power grinders, Jigsaw, Shears, Ratchets, Rivet tools, Rubber mallet, Goggles, Wire twister, Razor knives, Sludge or sewage removal equipment, Round nose pliers, End cut pliers, Slip joint pliers, Socket attachments and accessories, Socket sets, Nut drivers, Strap wrenches, Taps, Torque wrenches, Pipe or tube cutter, Sockets, Calipers, Adjustable widemouth pliers, Welder gloves, Welding masks. For example, Adjustable hacksaws, Aligning punches, Allen wrench sets, Aviation snips, Ball peen hammers, Ballast pumps, Bell-faced claw hammers, Bilge water pumps, Boilers, Bonney wrenches, Box wrenches, Brazers, Bridge gauges, Bristol wrenches, Cape chisels, Carpenter's mallets, Center punch sets, Circle snips, Clutch tip screwdrivers, Combination jaw pliers, Combination wrenches, Condensers, Cooling towers, Cross peen hammers, Cross peen sledge hammers, Curved needle nosed pliers, Diagonal cutting pliers, Dial gauges, Diamond point chisels, Diesel ship engines, Digital depth gauges, Digital micrometers, Digital multimeters, Disk sanders, Double cut files, Double faced sledge hammers, Drift punches, Duck bill pliers, Electric drills, Feedwater heating equipment, Feeler gauges, File brushes, Fire suppression systems, Firefighting pumps, First aid kits, Flaring tools, Flat cold chisels, Fuel pumps, Gas cutters, Gas powered generators, Gas turbine engines, Gear pullers, Half round chisels, Hawks bill snips, Hollow shank gasket punches, Lathes, Long nose pliers, Long-handled inspection mirrors, Oily water separation systems, Open end wrenches, Phillips head screwdrivers, Pin punches, Plain faced claw hammers, Plastic hammers, Pneumatic chipping hammers, Portable electric sanders, Portable grinders, Portable jigsaws, Powered shears, Prick punches, Ratchet handles, Rawhide mallets, Riveters, Riveting hammers, Rotary impact scalers, Round nose chisels, Rubber mallets, Safety goggles, Safety wire pliers, Scraping tools, Sewage treatment systems, Short nose pliers, Side cutting pliers, Single cut files, Slip joint pliers, Socket extensions, Socket wrench sets, Solid hacksaws, Speed handles, Spintite wrenches, Standard screwdrivers, Straight hand snips, Straight peen hammers, Strap wrenches, Tap and die sets, Thermal cutters, Torque wrenches, Trojan snips, Tube cutters, Union nut wrenches, Vernier calipers, Water pump pliers, Welders, Welding gloves, Welding masks, Wood mallets, Wrench pliers. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Written Expression, Fluency of Ideas, Originality, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Speed of Closure, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Reaction Time, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Hearing Sensitivity, Auditory Attention, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Investigative, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Recognition, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Transportation, Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Mechanical, Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry, English Language, Public Safety and Security, Law and Government to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Writing, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Active Learning, Monitoring, Coordination, Complex Problem Solving, Equipment Selection, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis, Judgment and Decision Making, Systems Analysis, Time Management, Management of Personnel Resources. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Drafting, Laying Out, and Specifying Technical Devices, Parts, and Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Ship Engineers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Transportation Inspectors, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health, Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 13.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 13.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Ship Engineers. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. According to ONET survey research, 50% feel this occupation requires a Post-Secondary Certificate - awarded for training completed after high school (for example, in agriculture or natural resources, computer services, personal or culinary services, engineering technologies, healthcare, construction trades, mechanic and repair technologies, or precision production) Educational programs associated with this occupation tend to graduate people with the following degrees: Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), Bachelor's degree, Associate's degree, Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs), Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs). Among black students completing instructional programs related to this occupation, 5% received a Associate's degree, 1% received a Bachelor's degree, 3% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (1800hrs), 6% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs), 1% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (900hrs). The following schools granted the most credentials aligned with the educational requirements related to this occupation: Alaska Vocational Technical Center, Fletcher Technical Community College, Northwestern Michigan College, Clatsop Community College, Seattle Central College, Universidad Ana G. Mendez-Gurabo Campus, College of the Marshall Islands, MotoRing Technical Training Institute"
