"document"
"A Parking Attendants is someone who Park vehicles or issue tickets for customers in a parking lot or garage. May park or tend vehicles in environments such as a car dealership or rental car facility. May collect fee. . The Parking Attendants  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Take numbered tags from customers, locate vehicles, and deliver vehicles, or provide customers with instructions for locating vehicles., Inspect vehicles to detect any damage., Greet customers and open their car doors., Issue ticket stubs or place numbered tags on windshields, log tags or attach tag to customers' keys, and give customers matching tags for locating parked vehicles., Perform cash handling tasks, such as making change, balancing and recording cash drawer, or distributing tips., Explain and calculate parking charges, collect fees from customers, and respond to customer complaints., Park and retrieve automobiles for customers in parking lots, storage garages, or new car lots., Provide customer assistance and information, such as giving directions or handling wheelchairs., Keep parking areas clean and orderly to ensure that space usage is maximized., Call emergency responders or the proper authorities and provide motorist assistance, such as giving directions or helping jump start a stalled vehicle., Patrol parking areas to prevent vehicle damage and vehicle or property thefts., Direct motorists to parking areas or parking spaces, using hand signals or flashlights as necessary., Escort customers to their vehicles to ensure their safety., Perform maintenance on cars in storage to protect tires, batteries, or exteriors from deterioration., Lift, position, and remove barricades to open or close parking areas., Perform personnel activities, such as supervising or scheduling employees., Review motorists' identification before allowing them to enter parking facilities., Service vehicles with gas, oil, and water..  They also know about using the following technology: Point of sale POS software, Electronic mail software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software. Examples include CorePark Valet, Email software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Payment processing software, SMS Valet. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Ticket dispensing machines, Parking barrier gate, Cash registers, Photocopiers, Desktop computers, Traffic signals, Flashlight, Kerosene or propane or natural gas or butane lantern, Light trucks or sport utility vehicles, Mallets, Two way radios, Hammers, Traffic cones or delineators, Scrubbing machines, Point of sale payment terminal, Barricades, Fire extinguishers, Power staple guns, Safety vests, Fertilizer spreaders or distributors, Shears, Snow blowers, Security cameras, Utility knives, Minivans or vans. For example, Automatic ticket dispensers, Barrier gates, Computerized cash registers, Copy machines, Desktop computers, Handheld stop signs, High power flashlights, Lanterns, Light trucks, Mallets, Mobile radios, Multipurpose hammers, Parking control cones, Parking validation machines, Pavement sweepers, Pay stations, Portable barricades, Portable fire extinguishers, Power staplers, Reflective vests, Salt spreaders, Scissors, Snow removal blowers, Surveillance cameras, Utility knives, Work vans. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Selective Attention, Near Vision, Far Vision, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence. They also value Relationshipsin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Parking Attendants occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Library Technicians, Tour Guides and Escorts, Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners, Barbers, New Accounts Clerks. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 7.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 7.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Communications Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to Barbers. Next, you move to Appraisers and Assessors of Real Estate. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Lawyers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Loan Officers. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Parking Attendants. Next, you move to New Accounts Clerks. Next, you move to Securities, Commodities, and Financial Services Sales Agents. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. "
