"document"
"A Automotive and Watercraft Service Attendants is someone who Service automobiles, buses, trucks, boats, and other automotive or marine vehicles with fuel, lubricants, and accessories. Collect payment for services and supplies. May lubricate vehicle, change motor oil, refill antifreeze, or replace lights or other accessories, such as windshield wiper blades or fan belts. May repair or replace tires. . The Automotive and Watercraft Service Attendants  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Collect cash payments from customers, and make change or charge purchases to customers' credit cards, providing customers with receipts., Check tire pressure and levels of fuel, motor oil, transmission, radiator, battery, or other fluids, adding air or fluids as required., Perform minor repairs, such as adjusting brakes, replacing spark plugs, or changing engine oil or filters., Clean parking areas, offices, restrooms, or equipment, and remove trash., Order stock, and price and shelve incoming goods., Sell and install accessories, such as batteries, windshield wiper blades, fan belts, bulbs, or headlamps., Grease and lubricate vehicles or specified units, such as springs, universal joints, or steering knuckles, using grease guns or spray lubricants., Rotate, test, and repair or replace tires., Prepare daily reports of fuel, oil, and accessory sales., Clean windshields., Activate fuel pumps and fill fuel tanks of vehicles with gasoline or diesel fuel to specified levels., Test and charge batteries., Maintain customer records and follow up periodically with telephone, mail, or personal reminders of services due., Provide customers with information about local roads or highways., Operate car washes..  They also know about using the following technology: Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Electronic mail software, Operating system software, Point of sale POS software, Development environment software, Time accounting software, Internet browser software. Examples include Inventory management systems, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Windows, Point of sale POS software, Software libraries, Timekeeping software, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Cash registers, Desktop computers, Digital testers, Fuel pumps, Squeegees or washers, Grease guns, Battery testers, Pocket calculator, Hold down clamps, Pullers, Lifts, Jacks, Wheel nut or lug wrench, Optical character recognition systems, Screwdrivers, Pneumatic impact wrenches, Point of sale POS terminal, Hoists, Safety glasses, Protective gloves, Socket sets, Hammers, Tire pressure gauge, Awls, Engine or vehicle stands, Height gauges, Tow trucks, Wheel alignment equipment. For example, Adjustable hand wrenches, Cash registers, Desktop computers, Electronic engine analyzers, Fuel pumps, Glass squeegees, Grease guns, Handheld battery testers, Handheld calculators, Holding clamps, Hub-cap pullers, Hydraulic automobile lifts, Hydraulic jacks, Lug wrenches, Optical price scanners, Phillips head screwdrivers, Pneumatic impact wrenches, Point of sale POS computer terminals, Power hoists, Safety glasses, Safety gloves, Socket wrench sets, Straight screwdrivers, Tire hammers, Tire pressure gauges, Tire probing awls, Tire stands, Tire tread depth gauges, Tow trucks, Wheel alignment machines. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Visualization, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Static Strength, Trunk Strength, Stamina, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Speech Recognition. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Sales and Marketing, Customer and Personal Service, Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Mechanical, Mathematics, Chemistry to do their job well. They employ the following skills Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Communicating with People Outside the Organization, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Automotive and Watercraft Service Attendants occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians, Automotive Service Technicians and Mechanics, Electronic Equipment Installers and Repairers, Motor Vehicles, Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door, Electric Motor, Power Tool, and Related Repairers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
