"document"
"A Passenger Attendants is someone who Provide services to ensure the safety of passengers aboard ships, buses, trains, or within the station or terminal. Perform duties such as explaining the use of safety equipment, serving meals or beverages, or answering questions related to travel. . The Passenger Attendants  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Secure passengers for transportation by buckling seatbelts or fastening wheelchairs with tie-down straps., Provide boarding assistance to elderly, sick, or injured people., Respond to passengers' questions, requests, or complaints., Determine or facilitate seating arrangements., Provide customers with information on routes, gates, prices, timetables, terminals, or concourses., Perform equipment safety checks prior to departure., Issue and collect passenger boarding passes and transfers, tearing or punching tickets as necessary to prevent reuse., Greet passengers boarding transportation equipment and announce routes and stops., Count and verify tickets and seat reservations and record numbers of passengers boarding and disembarking., Explain and demonstrate safety procedures and safety equipment use., Open and close doors for passengers., Signal transportation operators to stop or to proceed., Adjust window shades or seat cushions at the request of passengers., Transport baggage or coordinate transportation between assigned rooms, terminals, or platforms..  They also know about using the following technology: Calendar and scheduling software, Electronic mail software, Office suite software, Operating system software, Word processing software, Time accounting software. Examples include Appointment scheduling software, Email software, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Time tracking software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Bar code reader equipment, Cash registers, Digital camcorders or video cameras, Mobile medical services first aid kits, Flashlight, Light trucks or sport utility vehicles, Lifts, Two way radios, Notebook computers, Traffic cones or delineators, Traffic signals, Barricades, Power staple guns, Safety harnesses or belts, Hole punching units, Tie down anchors, Seatbelts, Wall anchors, Wheelchairs, Minivans or vans. For example, Barcode scanners, Computerized cash registers, Digital video cameras, First aid equipment, High-powered flashlights, Light trucks, Mechanical lifts, Mobile radios, Notebook computers, Parking control cones, Parking signs, Portable barricades, Power staplers, Restraining harnesses, Ticket punches, Tie downs, Vehicle seat belts, Wheelchair clamping devices, Wheelchairs, Work vans. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Speech Recognition, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Social, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Transportation, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Social Perceptiveness, Coordination, Service Orientation. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Resolving Conflicts and Negotiating with Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Passenger Attendants occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Preschool Teachers, Except Special Education, Tour Guides and Escorts, Skincare Specialists, Library Technicians, Dancers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
