"document"
"A Recycling and Reclamation Workers is someone who Prepare and sort materials or products for recycling. Identify and remove hazardous substances. Dismantle components of products such as appliances. . The Recycling and Reclamation Workers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Sort materials, such as metals, glass, wood, paper or plastics, into appropriate containers for recycling., Clean recycling yard by sweeping, raking, picking up broken glass and loose paper debris, or moving barrels and bins., Operate forklifts, pallet jacks, power lifts, or front-end loaders to load bales, bundles, or other heavy items onto trucks for shipping to smelters or other recycled materials processing facilities., Sort metals to separate high-grade metals, such as copper, brass, and aluminum, for recycling., Clean, inspect, or lubricate recyclable collection equipment or perform routine maintenance or minor repairs on recycling equipment, such as star gears, finger sorters, destoners, belts, and grinders., Operate shredders to reclaim steel from discarded appliances., Collect and sort recyclable construction materials, such as concrete, drywall, plastics, or wood, into containers., Extract chemicals from discarded appliances, such as air conditioners or refrigerators, using specialized machinery, such as refrigerant recovery equipment., Deposit recoverable materials into chutes or place materials on conveyor belts., Operate balers to compress recyclable materials into bundles or bales., Clean materials, such as metals, according to recycling requirements., Record logs of recycled materials or waste chemicals removed from products., Dismantle wrecked vehicles by removing parts and labeling and sorting parts into containers., Operate processing equipment, such as fiber-sorters and grinders, to sort, crush, or grind recyclable materials., Cut discarded products, such as appliances and automobiles, into small pieces using saws, blow torches, or other hand or power tools., Collect recyclable materials from curbside for delivery to designated facilities., Operate automated refuse or manual recycling collection vehicles., Remove copper from circuit boards..  They also know about using the following technology: Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Word processing software, Calendar and scheduling software. Examples include Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Word, Work scheduling software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Belt conveyors, Blow torch, Packaging compactors, Locking pliers, Claw hammer, Power drills, Crushers, Desktop computers, Ladders, Sorters, Forklifts, Grinding or polishing machines, Pocket calculator, Hex keys, Laser fax machine, Hoists, Two way radios, Special purpose telephones, Pallet trucks, Paper shredding machines or accessories, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Photocopiers, Lifts, Power saws, Acoustic ear muffs or defenders, Cargo trucks, Refrigerant compressors, Safety glasses, Skid steer loaders, Utility knives, Front end loaders, Wire cutters, Minivans or vans. For example, Adjustable hand wrenches, Belt conveyor systems, Blow torches, Cardboard balers, Channel lock pliers, Claw hammers, Cordless drills, Crushing machines, Desktop computers, Extension ladders, Fiber sorters, Forklifts, Grinders, Handheld calculators, Hex wrenches, Horizontal balers, Laser facsimile machines, Magnetized can sorters, Material compactors, Material hoists, Mobile radios, Multi-line telephone systems, Pallet jacks, Paper shredders, Personal computers, Phillips head screwdrivers, Photocopying equipment, Power lifts, Power saws, Protective ear muffs, Recycling collection trucks, Refrigerant reclamation equipment, Safety glasses, Skid steer loaders, Straight screwdrivers, Tractor-trailer trucks, Utility knives, Utility work machines, Wheeled front end loaders, Wire cutters, Work vans. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Trunk Strength, Near Vision, Depth Perception. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Mechanical, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Active Listening, Operation and Control. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Scheduling Work and Activities, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Coaching and Developing Others. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Recycling and Reclamation Workers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Crane and Tower Operators, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians, Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 8.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 8.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Nanosystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Nanotechnology Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Maintenance Workers, Machinery. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Motorboat Mechanics and Service Technicians. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Farmers, Ranchers, and Other Agricultural Managers. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Recycling and Reclamation Workers. Next, you move to Hazardous Materials Removal Workers. Next, you move to Solar Energy Systems Engineers. The journey culminates with Architectural and Engineering Managers. "
