"document"
"A Gas Compressor and Gas Pumping Station Operators is someone who Operate steam-, gas-, electric motor-, or internal combustion-engine driven compressors. Transmit, compress, or recover gases, such as butane, nitrogen, hydrogen, and natural gas. . The Gas Compressor and Gas Pumping Station Operators  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Wholesale Trade, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Monitor meters and pressure gauges to determine consumption rate variations, temperatures, and pressures., Respond to problems by adjusting control room equipment or instructing other personnel to adjust equipment at problem locations or in other control areas., Record instrument readings and operational changes in operating logs., Adjust valves and equipment to obtain specified performance., Move controls and turn valves to start compressor engines, pumps, and auxiliary equipment., Operate power-driven pumps that transfer liquids, semi-liquids, gases, or powdered materials., Submit daily reports on facility operations., Take samples of gases and conduct chemical tests to determine gas quality and sulfur or moisture content, or send samples to laboratories for analysis., Read gas meters, and maintain records of the amounts of gas received and dispensed from holders., Turn knobs or switches to regulate pressures., Clean, lubricate, and adjust equipment, and replace filters and gaskets, using hand tools., Maintain each station by performing general housekeeping duties such as painting, washing, and cleaning., Connect pipelines between pumps and containers that are being filled or emptied..  They also know about using the following technology: Facilities management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Industrial control software. Examples include Computerized maintenance management system CMMS, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Word, Programmable logic controller PLC software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Pipe wrenches, Power drills, Gas compressors, Pressure indicators, Grease guns, Electric boilers, Hammers, Personal computers, Screwdrivers, Ratchets, Socket sets, Tablet computers, Water pumps. For example, Adjustable pipe wrenches, Cordless drills, Electrically powered compressors, Gas engine driven compressors, Gas pressure gauges, Grease dispensing guns, Heating boilers, Internal combustion engine driven compressors, Multipurpose hammers, Personal computers, Phillips screwdrivers, Ratchet wrenches, Socket wrench sets, Steam driven compressors, Straight screwdrivers, Tablet computers, Water pumps. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Inductive Reasoning, Information Ordering, Category Flexibility, Flexibility of Closure, Perceptual Speed, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Near Vision, Far Vision, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Customer and Personal Service, Production and Processing, Computers and Electronics, Engineering and Technology, Mechanical, Mathematics, Chemistry, Education and Training, English Language, Public Safety and Security to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Speaking, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Complex Problem Solving, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Equipment Maintenance, Troubleshooting, Repairing, Quality Control Analysis. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Analyzing Data or Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Working with Computers, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Electronic Equipment, Documenting/Recording Information, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Training and Teaching Others, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Gas Compressor and Gas Pumping Station Operators occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Water and Wastewater Treatment Plant and System Operators, Control and Valve Installers and Repairers, Except Mechanical Door, Stationary Engineers and Boiler Operators, Electrical and Electronics Repairers, Powerhouse, Substation, and Relay, Crane and Tower Operators. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
