"document"
"A Dredge Operators is someone who Operate dredge to remove sand, gravel, or other materials in order to excavate and maintain navigable channels in waterways. . The Dredge Operators  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Construction, Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Move levers to position dredges for excavation, to engage hydraulic pumps, to raise and lower suction booms, and to control rotation of cutterheads., Start and stop engines to operate equipment., Start power winches that draw in or let out cables to change positions of dredges, or pull in and let out cables manually., Pump water to clear machinery pipelines., Lower anchor poles to verify depths of excavations, using winches, or scan depth gauges to determine depths of excavations., Direct or assist workers placing shore anchors and cables, laying additional pipes from dredges to shore, and pumping water from pontoons..  They also know about using the following technology: Mobile location based services software, Industrial control software, Data base user interface and query software, Map creation software, Internet browser software. Examples include Global positioning system GPS software, HYPACK DREDGEPACK, Programmable logic controller PLC software, Teledyne Odom Hydrographic ODOM eChart, Trimble HYDROpro, Web browser software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Anchor rollers, Chain saw, Earthmoving buckets or its parts or accessories, Track bulldozers, Blow torch, Conventional truck cranes, Density measurement instrument, Draglines, Sonars, Fire hoses or nozzles, Front end loaders, Grease guns, Dump trucks, Dredgers, Life vests or preservers, Two way radios, Fire extinguishers, Gas welding or brazing or cutting apparatus, Light trucks or sport utility vehicles, Pneumatic impact wrenches, Winches, Ratchets, Rescue ships or boats, Life rings, Socket sets, Particle size measuring apparatus, Cargo trucks, Vacuum gauges, Speed sensors, Water samplers, Weeders. For example, Anchor winches, Chainsaws, Clamshell buckets, Crawler dozers, Cutting torches, Davit cranes, Density meters, Dragline cranes, Fathometer sonar equipment, Firefighting hoses, Front end loaders, Grease dispensing guns, Heavy duty dump trucks, Hydraulic suction dredges, Life jackets, Mechanical dredges, Mobile radios, Multipurpose fire extinguishers, Oxyacetylene welding equipment, Pickup trucks, Pneumatic impact wrenches, Power winches, Ratchet sets, Rescue boats, Rescue rings, Self-propelled dredges, Socket wrench sets, Soil particle size testers, Tractor-trailer trucks, Vacuum gauges, Velocity meters, Water quality samplers, Weed harvesters. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Problem Sensitivity, Perceptual Speed, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Reaction Time, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Auditory Attention. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Administration and Management, Production and Processing, Mechanical, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control. Their average day consists of the following activities Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Dredge Operators occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Crane and Tower Operators, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Signal and Track Switch Repairers, Structural Metal Fabricators and Fitters, Industrial Machinery Mechanics. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
