"document"
"A Crane and Tower Operators is someone who Operate mechanical boom and cable or tower and cable equipment to lift and move materials, machines, or products in many directions. . The Crane and Tower Operators  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 3, described as occupations that need medium preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Determine load weights and check them against lifting capacities to prevent overload., Move levers, depress foot pedals, or turn dials to operate cranes, cherry pickers, electromagnets, or other moving equipment for lifting, moving, or placing loads., Inspect and adjust crane mechanisms or lifting accessories to prevent malfunctions or damage., Inspect cables or grappling devices for wear and install or replace cables, as needed., Direct helpers engaged in placing blocking or outrigging under cranes., Clean, lubricate, and maintain mechanisms such as cables, pulleys, or grappling devices, making repairs, as necessary., Load or unload bundles from trucks, or move containers to storage bins, using moving equipment., Review daily work or delivery schedules to determine orders, sequences of deliveries, or special loading instructions., Inspect bundle packaging for conformance to regulations or customer requirements, and remove and batch packaging tickets., Direct truck drivers backing vehicles into loading bays and cover, uncover, or secure loads for delivery., Weigh bundles, using floor scales, and record weights for company records..  They also know about using the following technology: Industrial control software, Inventory management software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Electronic mail software, Operating system software. Examples include Crane operation control software, Inventory tracking software, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Windows. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, All terrain cranes, Anemometers, Angle grinder, Below the hook device, Ball peen hammer, Drum grabs, Bench vises, Rotary position sensors, Linear position sensors, Bridge cranes, Hydraulic truck cranes, Hoists, Earthmoving buckets or its parts or accessories, Claw hammer, Lifting hooks, Box end wrenches, Pullers, Track cranes, Demolition hammers, Draglines, Punches or nail sets or drifts, Pile drivers, Impact wrenches, Track excavators, Safety harnesses or belts, Floor or platform scales, Forklifts, Tower cranes, Grease guns, Blocks or pulleys, Jacks, Demolition equipment kits, Jib crane, Slings, Force or torque sensors, Tape measures, Needlenose pliers, Oil gun, Open end wrenches, Blow torch, Paint sprayers, Screwdrivers, Pneumatic impact wrenches, Power drills, Pressure or steam cleaners, Acoustic ear muffs or defenders, Ear plugs, Pry bars, Ratchets, Respirators, Rough terrain cranes, Safety glasses, Goggles, Shackle, Sledge hammer, Slip or groove joint pliers, Tinners snips, Specialty wrenches, Hazardous material protective apparel, Grapples, Tire pressure gauge, Turnbuckles, Two way radios, Calipers, Wear testers, Welding masks, Wire brushes, Wire cutters, Touch screen monitors. For example, Adjustable wrenches, All-terrain cranes, Anemometers, Angle grinders, Anti-two block devices, Ball peen hammers, Barrel clamps, Bench vises, Boom angle indicators, Boom length indicators, Bridge cranes, Cab cranes, Chain falls, Clamshell buckets, Claw hammers, Clips, Closed-end wrenches, Comealongs, Crawler cranes, Demolition hammers, Dragline buckets, Drift pins, Drop hammers, Electric impact wrenches, Excavators, Fall arrest harnesses, Floor scales, Forklifts, Friction cranes, Gantry cranes, Grease guns, Hook blocks, Hydraulic jacks, Hydraulic truck-mounted cranes, Iron balls, Jib cranes, Lifting clamps, Lifting magnets, Lifting slings, Load hooks, Load monitoring indicators, Luffing jib cranes, Measuring tapes, Monorail cranes, Needlenose pliers, Oilcans, Open end wrenches, Orange peel buckets, Overhaul balls, Oxyacetylene torches, Paint application sprayers, Pallet forks, Phillips head screwdrivers, Pile drivers, Pneumatic impact wrenches, Power drills, Power washers, Propane torches, Protective ear muffs, Protective ear plugs, Pry bars, Punches, Ratchet sets, Rated load indicators, Respirators, Ringer cranes, Robertson screwdrivers, Rough-terrain cranes, Safety glasses, Safety goggles, Shackles, Sledgehammers, Slip joint pliers, Snips, Spreader beams, Spud wrenches, Steam cleaning equipment, Straight screwdrivers, Survival suits, Timber tongs, Tire pressure gauges, Tower attachments, Turnbuckles, Two way radios, Vernier calipers, Wear gauges, Wedge sockets, Welding masks, Wire brushes, Wire rope cutters, Wireless touch screen monitors. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Deductive Reasoning, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Finger Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Rate Control, Reaction Time, Near Vision, Far Vision, Visual Color Discrimination, Depth Perception, Glare Sensitivity, Speech Clarity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Analytical Thinking. They also value Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Transportation, Mechanical to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening, Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Evaluating Information to Determine Compliance with Standards, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Thinking Creatively, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Developing and Building Teams. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Crane and Tower Operators occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians, Transportation Inspectors, Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians, Museum Technicians and Conservators, Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 76.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 76.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Engineering Technologists and Technicians. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Environmental Restoration Planners. The path begins with Crane and Tower Operators. Next, you move to Environmental Science and Protection Technicians, Including Health. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. According to ONET survey research, 61% feel this occupation requires a Post-Secondary Certificate - awarded for training completed after high school (for example, in agriculture or natural resources, computer services, personal or culinary services, engineering technologies, healthcare, construction trades, mechanic and repair technologies, or precision production) Educational programs associated with this occupation tend to graduate people with the following degrees: Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs). Among black students completing instructional programs related to this occupation, 0% received a Postsecondary awards, certificates, or diplomas (300hrs). The following schools granted the most credentials aligned with the educational requirements related to this occupation: Washington County Career Center-Adult Technical Training"
