"document"
"A Stockers and Order Fillers is someone who Receive, store, and issue merchandise, materials, equipment, and other items from stockroom, warehouse, or storage yard to fill shelves, racks, tables, or customers' orders. May operate power equipment to fill orders. May mark prices on merchandise and set up sales displays. . The Stockers and Order Fillers  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Information, Finance and Insurance, Real Estate and Rental and Leasing, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Management of Companies and Enterprises, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Educational Services, Health Care and Social Assistance, Arts, Entertainment, and Recreation, Accommodation and Food Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Retail Trade, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Complete order receipts., Answer customers' questions about merchandise and advise customers on merchandise selection., Issue or distribute materials, products, parts, and supplies to customers or coworkers, based on information from incoming requisitions., Keep records of out-going orders., Stock shelves, racks, cases, bins, and tables with new or transferred merchandise., Operate equipment such as forklifts., Stamp, attach, or change price tags on merchandise, referring to price list., Obtain merchandise from bins or shelves., Receive and count stock items, and record data manually or on computer., Read orders to ascertain catalog numbers, sizes, colors, and quantities of merchandise., Receive, unload, open, unpack, or issue sales floor merchandise., Pack customer purchases in bags or cartons., Store items in an orderly and accessible manner in warehouses, tool rooms, supply rooms, or other areas., Mark stock items, using identification tags, stamps, electric marking tools, or other labeling equipment., Pack and unpack items to be stocked on shelves in stockrooms, warehouses, or storage yards., Take inventory or examine merchandise to identify items to be reordered or replenished., Clean display cases, shelves, and aisles., Keep records on the use or damage of stock or stock-handling equipment., Clean and maintain supplies, tools, equipment, and storage areas to ensure compliance with safety regulations., Determine proper storage methods, identification, and stock location, based on turnover, environmental factors, and physical capabilities of facilities., Dispose of damaged or defective items, or return them to vendors., Recommend disposal of excess, defective, or obsolete stock., Design and set up advertising signs and displays of merchandise on shelves, counters, or tables to attract customers and promote sales., Provide assistance or direction to other stockroom, warehouse, or storage yard workers., Examine and inspect stock items for wear or defects, reporting any damage to supervisors., Compute prices of items or groups of items., Itemize and total customer merchandise selection at checkout counter, using cash register, and accept cash or charge card for purchases., Requisition merchandise from supplier, based on available space, merchandise on hand, customer demand, or advertised specials., Compare merchandise invoices to items actually received to ensure that shipments are correct., Transport packages to customers' vehicles..  They also know about using the following technology: Data base user interface and query software, Desktop communications software, Electronic mail software, Word processing software, Operating system software, Inventory management software, Enterprise resource planning ERP software, Spreadsheet software, Office suite software, Voice synthesizer and recognition software, Materials requirements planning logistics and supply chain software, Calendar and scheduling software. Examples include Data entry software, Eko, Email software, Google Docs, Handheld computer device software, Inventory management systems, Inventory tracking software, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Dynamics GP, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Office software, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Word, Oracle JD Edwards EnterpriseOne, Ordering software, SAP software, Voice picking software, Warehouse management system WMS, Work scheduling software. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Desktop calculator, Baling press, Bar code reader equipment, Razor knives, Articulating boom lift, Inkjet printers, Laser printers, Hand trucks or accessories, Belt conveyors, Photocopiers, Pallet trucks, Cash registers, Hoists, Automatic labeling systems, Radio frequency identification devices, Utility knives, Forklifts, Scissors, Label removing kits, Label applying machines, Scanners, Back support belts, Platform lift, Shears, Tape measures, Special purpose telephones, Claw hammer, Intercom systems, Workshop cranes, Packaging compactors, Personal computers, Personal digital assistant PDAs or organizers, Label dispensers, Radio frequency scanners, Notebook computers, Rubber stamping stamps, Cleaning scrapers, Postal scales, Industrial sign and label portable printer, Staple guns, Ladders, Strapping dispenser, Box sealing tape dispensers, Ticket dispensing machines, Tugger, Dollies, Wrapping machinery. For example, 10-key calculators, Baling equipment, Barcode scanners, Box cutters, Cherry pickers, Computer inkjet printers, Computer laser printers, Convertible hand trucks, Conveyor belts, Copy machines, Double deckers, Electric cash registers, Electric hoists, Electric marking tools, Electric pallet jacks, Electronic cash registers, Hand trucks, Handheld radio frequency RF scanners, Hook knives, Industrial forklifts, Industrial scissors, Label removers, Label scrapers, Labeling equipment, Laser scanners, Lifting belts, Lifting platforms, Manual pallet jacks, Manual shears, Measuring tapes, Multiline telephone systems, Nailing hammers, Office intercom systems, Overhead workshop cranes, Packing material compactors, Pallet tipper, Personal computers, Personal digital assistants PDAs, Power jacks, Pricing guns, Radio frequency RF scanner guns, Remote data terminals, Rubber marking stamps, Safety cutters, Shelf scrapers, Shipping scales, Sign printers, Sit-down forklifts, Stand-up forklifts, Staple guns, Stepladders, Strapping machines, Tape guns, Ticket-printing machines, Utility tug trucks, Warehouse dollies, Warehouse forklifts, Wrapping equipment. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Written Comprehension, Oral Expression, Manual Dexterity, Multilimb Coordination, Trunk Strength, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision. People would describe them as Realistic, Enterprising, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Leadership, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Social Orientation, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Relationships, Supportin the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, English Language to do their job well. They employ the following skills Reading Comprehension, Active Listening. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Performing for or Working Directly with the Public. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Stockers and Order Fillers occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Library Technicians, Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers, Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners, Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors, Tour Guides and Escorts. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 11.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 11.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Insurance Underwriters. The journey culminates with Financial Quantitative Analysts. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Library Technicians. Next, you move to Credit Counselors. The journey culminates with Genetic Counselors. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Administrative Law Judges, Adjudicators, and Hearing Officers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Except Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Sales Representatives, Wholesale and Manufacturing, Technical and Scientific Products. The journey culminates with School Psychologists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Investment Fund Managers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Survey Researchers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Merchandise Displayers and Window Trimmers. Next, you move to Online Merchants. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Microsystems Engineers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Hydrologists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Geological Technicians, Except Hydrologic Technicians. The journey culminates with Materials Scientists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Cytotechnologists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Medical Scientists, Except Epidemiologists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Microbiologists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Geneticists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Biological Technicians. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Geoscientists, Except Hydrologists and Geographers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Soil and Plant Scientists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Animal Scientists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Biologists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Janitors and Cleaners, Except Maids and Housekeeping Cleaners. Next, you move to Transportation Inspectors. The journey culminates with Human Factors Engineers and Ergonomists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Physical Therapists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Athletic Trainers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Exercise Physiologists. The journey culminates with Dietitians and Nutritionists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Instructional Coordinators. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Farm and Home Management Educators. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Fitness and Wellness Coordinators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Kindergarten Teachers, Except Special Education. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Healthcare Social Workers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Occupational Therapists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Adapted Physical Education Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Art Therapists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Exercise Trainers and Group Fitness Instructors. Next, you move to Recreational Therapists. The journey culminates with Recreation and Fitness Studies Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Mathematical Science Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Adult Basic Education, Adult Secondary Education, and English as a Second Language Instructors. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Musicians and Singers. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Set and Exhibit Designers. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Museum Technicians and Conservators. The journey culminates with Archivists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Historians. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Criminal Justice and Law Enforcement Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to News Analysts, Reporters, and Journalists. The journey culminates with Communications Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Orthoptists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Teaching Assistants, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Family and Consumer Sciences Teachers, Postsecondary. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Librarians and Media Collections Specialists. The path begins with Stockers and Order Fillers. Next, you move to Tour Guides and Escorts. Next, you move to Interpreters and Translators. The journey culminates with Special Education Teachers, Preschool. "
