"document"
"A Hoist and Winch Operators is someone who Operate or tend hoists or winches to lift and pull loads using power-operated cable equipment. . The Hoist and Winch Operators  occupation fits a more significant career segment of Transportation and Material Moving Occupations. This occupation is considered part of job zone 2, described as occupations that need some preparation. You can find this occupation in the following industries: Agriculture, Forestry, Fishing and Hunting, Mining, Quarrying, and Oil and Gas Extraction, Utilities, Construction, Wholesale Trade, Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services, Administrative and Support and Waste Management and Remediation Services, Other Services (except Public Administration), Federal, State, and Local Government, excluding state and local schools and hospitals and the U.S. Postal Service (OEWS Designation), Manufacturing, Transportation and Warehousing. People who work in this occupation are responsible for the following tasks: Move levers, pedals, and throttles to stop, start, and regulate speeds of hoist or winch drums in response to hand, bell, buzzer, telephone, loud-speaker, or whistle signals, or by observing dial indicators or cable marks., Start engines of hoists or winches and use levers and pedals to wind or unwind cable on drums., Observe equipment gauges and indicators and hand signals of other workers to verify load positions or depths., Operate compressed air, diesel, electric, gasoline, or steam-driven hoists or winches to control movement of cableways, cages, derricks, draglines, loaders, railcars, or skips., Move or reposition hoists, winches, loads and materials, manually or using equipment and machines such as trucks, cars, and hand trucks., Select loads or materials according to weight and size specifications., Signal and assist other workers loading or unloading materials., Attach, fasten, and disconnect cables or lines to loads, materials, and equipment, using hand tools., Apply hand or foot brakes and move levers to lock hoists or winches., Oil winch drums so that cables will wind smoothly., Climb ladders to position and set up vehicle-mounted derricks., Repair, maintain, and adjust equipment, using hand tools., Tend auxiliary equipment, such as jacks, slings, cables, or stop blocks, to facilitate moving items or materials for further processing..  They also know about using the following technology: Spreadsheet software, Word processing software. Examples include Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Word. People in the occupation are comfortable using the following tools: Adjustable wrenches, Floor or platform scales, Belt conveyors, Hoists, Winches, Scissor lift or lift table, Grapples, Grease guns, Lifting cables, Slings, Hold down clamps, Oil can, Pallet trucks, Light trucks or sport utility vehicles, Skid steer loaders, Ladders, Wheel chocks, Track excavators, Forklifts, Hand trucks or accessories. For example, Adjustable wrench sets, Bulk weighing systems, Conveyor belt systems, Electric hoists, Electric winches, Elevating platforms, Fork-grapples, Gas powered hoists, Grease dispensing guns, Hoisting cables, Lifting slings, Load clamps, Oil dispensing cans, Pallet jacks, Pickup trucks, Pneumatic hoists, Power hoists, Skid steers, Stepladders, Stop blocks, Tracked excavators, Tracked forklifts, Warehouse hand trucks. They also tend to excel in the following abilities: Oral Comprehension, Oral Expression, Problem Sensitivity, Information Ordering, Perceptual Speed, Visualization, Selective Attention, Arm-Hand Steadiness, Manual Dexterity, Control Precision, Multilimb Coordination, Response Orientation, Reaction Time, Extent Flexibility, Near Vision, Far Vision, Depth Perception, Hearing Sensitivity. People would describe them as Realistic, Conventional. They also tend to focus on the following opportunities at work: Achievement/Effort, Persistence, Initiative, Cooperation, Concern for Others, Self-Control, Stress Tolerance, Adaptability/Flexibility, Dependability, Attention to Detail, Integrity, Independence, Innovation, Analytical Thinking. They also value Achievement, Working Conditions, Relationships, Support, Independencein the workplace. They leverage knowledge in Customer and Personal Service, Mechanical to do their job well. They employ the following skills Critical Thinking, Monitoring, Coordination, Operations Monitoring, Operation and Control, Time Management. Their average day consists of the following activities Getting Information, Monitoring Processes, Materials, or Surroundings, Identifying Objects, Actions, and Events, Inspecting Equipment, Structures, or Materials, Estimating the Quantifiable Characteristics of Products, Events, or Information, Judging the Qualities of Objects, Services, or People, Processing Information, Making Decisions and Solving Problems, Updating and Using Relevant Knowledge, Developing Objectives and Strategies, Organizing, Planning, and Prioritizing Work, Performing General Physical Activities, Handling and Moving Objects, Controlling Machines and Processes, Operating Vehicles, Mechanized Devices, or Equipment, Repairing and Maintaining Mechanical Equipment, Interpreting the Meaning of Information for Others, Communicating with Supervisors, Peers, or Subordinates, Establishing and Maintaining Interpersonal Relationships, Assisting and Caring for Others, Coordinating the Work and Activities of Others, Training and Teaching Others, Guiding, Directing, and Motivating Subordinates, Monitoring and Controlling Resources. To identify jobs that transfer from their previous job and experience, we created a matching algorithm that finds the 1 to 10 related occupations someone can pursue with minimal additional preparation. By comparing the Hoist and Winch Operators occupation to all other occupations' attributes (knowledge, skills, work activities, etc.), we found that it is similar to the following occupations: Crane and Tower Operators, Mobile Heavy Equipment Mechanics, Except Engines, Maintenance Workers, Machinery, Boilermakers, Ship Engineers. By converting occupation relationships into a network graph and measuring the centrality of each occupation, this occupation would create opportunities for people to transition into 5.0 other occupations (also known as outdegree). On the other hand, 5.0 other occupations transition into it, which gives you an idea of how specialized it may be.  "
